I'm not sure if I posted these before, but I figure I'll share a few experiences. You may use my stories in podcasts and such, just please credit my username. :)  &#x200B;  The majority of my paranormal experiences were in my childhood home, although a few notable ones happened outside of my home, though in the same area. For context, I believe my childhood home (which I have moved out of as an adult now) was haunted due to the environment / circumstance. There is a creek running through the neighborhood, and lots of telephone poles, so the energy currents are strong there. Some people believe that ghosts can manifest easier when in areas of high energy currents.  &#x200B;  A few anecdotes from my childhood home:  \- When I was about 4 years old, I recall playing with my brother in the hallway of my home. I was a long hall that lead to the bathrooms and bedrooms. We were playing something akin to tag but with an element of hide n seek. So, we run up and down the hall a few times, and on the last time I was running up to his room, which was the last door of that hallway, he laughs and closes the door behind him. I suddenly stopped, and thought I hit the door and bounced back. I looked up and saw a giant toad. I thought that was odd, and didn't register it as anything malevolent. Maybe it protected me from the door impact? As odd as it is that most people don't seem to interact with nature spirits, this time I did. And what's more is that much later in life I asked my brother if he remembered the giant toad spirit that day, and he said he did. He also didn't like talking about it, so didn't clarify. But, it's my first memorable paranormal experience.  &#x200B;  \- My paranormal experiences ramped up as a teenager. For context, my father was an abusive alcoholic. As is standard in that situation, there was a lot of yelling, etc and lead to a lot of negative energy. I noticed, as a result, more negative entities coming through my house. There was never a resident ghost, only passerbys. A few of note:  1. I had come home from school to find that an imp like creature (very small) had attached itself to my ankle. I was honestly just annoyed at it, and wanted it off of me. At some point I shook it off and told it to go away. I dont think it came inside my house, but it sure liked hanging around. 2. One day I found that the ghost of a young man, probably late 20s to early 30s, had found his way in my room. It hung out in the corner of my room. I was creeped out by this, especially because I could tell it wanted something, but had a hard time communicating. Day 2 or 3, I decide to take a selfie on my laptop and purposefully aimed it so the corner would be in view. I wanted to see if anything would come up. Of a few takes, one of them did capture something. I confirmed what I had been sensing and faintly seeing. There was a face in that corner, smiling for the camera as well. My heart sank. I didn't know what to do. Believing that the picture would imprint it's stay to be longer, I deleted the picture. Day 4, I finally felt sorry for it ...and asked it to go away. I couldn't help him, and I didn't want him in my room anymore. Surprisingly it actually went away within a few seconds. I felt the air get lighter and I didn't see or hear from that ghost again. I wonder if it needed a message to be passed along, or if it needed guidance to move on. But I was just a teenager, what could I do for it? 3. Once, my mother and I were in the house by ourselves. We had recently sold the house, and we were cleaning it up for the new owners. It was very empty, and was starting to get dark outside. I started to get a panicky feeling. One of those "get out now" feelings. So, I started urging my mother to finish up what she was doing and continue another time. I didn't want to freak her out, so I was just insistent we leave, without knowing exactly why. I look over in the direction of the living room from the kitchen, and I see this black mass of negative energy. It's overwhelming. If I were to describe it, it looked similar to the big bogged down river spirit from Spirited Away. The one that collected a bunch of stuff in it and got all gunky and gross. The one here reminded me of that, but instead of collecting junk, it collected negative energy. I froze for a second as I processed what the heck I just saw. At this point, night was falling and the sun was hardly out anymore. We had to use our flashlights on our phones to see. I told my mom we need to go, it's dark, and I don't feel safe. Finally, she was willing to leave, and as we were leaving I saw the black mass again leaving the house and going around to the back yard. My mom didn't see the creature I saw, but she did say she felt a presence, just ignored it as she was focused on finishing the kitchen.  &#x200B;  \- As a young adult, I have had a handful of interesting experiences as well outside of my childhood home.  1. I lived temporarily with my then boyfriend (now husband) in an apartment shared by a coworker of his and her boyfriend. I was in the apartment alone one day, and I got a weird feeling looking at the door to the not used room. I thought I heard noises, and felt a presence, but couldn't confirm. Later that week, I was home alone again, but this time I looked up at the bathroom door from my bedroom and saw a full bodied apparition of a young woman in white. She looked just as shocked as I did seeing her! She retreated to the other side of the bathroom wall - the empty, unused room. So, finally I ask my boyfriend's coworker if someone died in the apartment, and that I saw an apparition of a young woman. She told me yes, her name is Diana and she died in that room about a month before we moved in. My heart sank for Diana. The coworker told me that Diana had passed away suddenly in her room, I think from a health complication. The coworker was a bit freaked out and didn't know what to do about it. So, later ( I don't remember if it was later that night or the next day) I was in my room while my boyfriend and his coworker were at work. I decided to just talk to Diana out loud. I couldn't see her this time, but felt her presence. I talked to her like a person, realizing she might not have even realized she died since it was a sudden death. I told her that she had died, and that she needed to move on. That I felt sad for her that she was stuck, and I hope she can find the light. Shortly after that, I didn't feel her presence anymore. I think she moved on, and I really hope she found peace.  &#x200B;  2) Once I went to a historical tobacco plantation with my mom and a friend of mine. It was a little summer thing where we wanted to see some neat places in our area we didn't see yet.  I saw three apparitions here. Upon getting out of the parking lot, both me and my friend saw a shadow figure looking at us from the wooded area next to the parking lot. After we stared for a second, we both saw it essentially fly away while remaining vertical/upright..as if it were pulled back to wherever it came from. It was really weird. My mom missed it by still gathering her things from the car. Later, we were walking around the old slave's quarters house. The upper floor was condemned, but the stairs were still there. I noticed while the tour guide was talking about it, I looked at the stairs a little harder and saw the apparition of an older black man in overalls. He was faint, but here. I bowed respectfully at him, and continued the tour. As we left the building, I purposefully left last so I could tell him goodbye, like you would to any other person as a house guest. I felt bad for him, still stuck there for so long after slavery was abolished. The third apparition was in the Master's house. Almost immediately I picked up on a small girl, between 5-8 years old in period clothing complete with a standard bonnet. She followed us throughout the tour. At the last room of the house, the tour guide tells us this was an addition to the original building, and the room of the Master's daughter who had passed away from illness at about 7 or 8 years old. It hit me then that this was the little girl's room who had been following us around. Again, I purposefully left last so I could tell her thank you for letting me look at her house, again like nay other house guest would. I found it respectful to do so, and felt sorry for the little girl. I then went to the cemetery where her family was buried. I didn't sense anyone else, which made me even sadder that this little girl was probably stuck in her house waiting on her family, and somehow didn't move on.  &#x200B;  3) The last interesting story was also on a different plantation. This one is tucked away behind a major highway, and is considered a county park with petting animals. So, I went there with my husband and our daughter to see the animals and the park there. We did, however, get to go look at the exterior of the old houses there. In one of them, I noticed there was a man in butler like attire passing the window. I wondered if maybe it could've been a worker in period clothes for a tour or something...only to find that all the workers that day were in a polo shirt uniform, which is very different. I didn't see anyone else wearing period clothing either. Thus, while I can't confirm, I believe I may have seen an apparition that day as well.  &#x200B;  Those are my big ones I can recall right now. I hope others can relate to my experiences and know they aren't alone.  &#x200B;  Edited to Add:  I remembered a few more!  \- When I was about 16 or 17, my family dog passed away. I had her since I was little, so she was definitely a part of the family, and treated well throughout her life. She was an old girl, about 13 I think, and she had terminal lung cancer. The day came where she could barely move anymore, and we called the vet to put her down at home so she could go peacefully. After the vet left, we had an at-home funeral for our dog, and buried her with her favorite blanket and toys. My dad and my brother buried her, and me and my mom did something akin to a eulogy. It was when they were burying her that I sensed her spirit peeking around the corner of the house. I motioned her to come here, and she came quickly to my hand. I patted her quietly while no one else was watching. It was weird I'm sure for her to see us sad and burying her body. Later we were inside the house, and I saw my dog's spirit sitting next to my mom, who was crying on the couch. Her paw was on the couch next to my mom, as if she was saying "it's ok" to my mom. Later I told my mom what I saw, and she told me she thought she felt the dog's presence, and me saying what I saw confirmed for her. Afterwards for the few years left in that house, I would occasionally hear dog paw steps, and feel a dog's presence when there were no living dogs nearby. I did eventually get another dog, and occasionally she (another girl dog) would look at doors weird like someone was there, or also hear dog noises and want to find the other dog. I'm very certain that my childhood dog stuck around for awhile after her passing. I have since moved out of that house as mentioned before we sold the house, but I hope my dog moved on by now.  \- One more! This one is kinda weird. For a short while, I had sleep paralysis issues at about 15. Now, I know the theories on what we see and experience in this state being a hallucination since our body is confused on being awake vs asleep, so take this one as you will. I however, believe that this particular instance was paranormal related. This time felt different than other sleep paralysis episodes. Essentially, I was sleeping and had a deep dream. It was one of those dreams within a dream type thing. I don't remember how I got here, but I do remember towards the end of this dream I had come to a giant iron cell door, as if it was locking away a prisoner. I peeked inside through a sliding peephole like you see in prison doors, and saw a pale white, skinny humanoid. Think similar to Golem of LoTR, but more menacing feeling and totally bald. It saw me, and jumped at the peephole, which scared me awake. I was awake briefly, and I swear I heard an entity whisper in my hear, feeling their breath/vibrations from their voice " Go back to sleep". I did, and it felt like I got pulled all the way back into the deep dream state, right back to to the cell door. But whatever that thing was wanted out. It wanted me to help it. I sensed danger, and had this feeling that if it got out, that it would possess my body. So I woke right back up, but of course my body was still in sleep paralysis being that it's hard to go that deep asleep and be functional. So, I was awake, it was about 6am, and I'm paralyzed. I feel as if something is sitting on me, and isn't letting me up. (Which I'm told is somewhat common, and is rationalized by the body being in a depressed state). However, I feel this presence, whatever whispered to me, is on me, and I feel like it's staring me down, just waiting for me to go back to sleep. I fight it though, and stay awake, just looking around the room. I can't reach a light switch since my body still won't move, but I do notice the time and realize that the sun will come up soon. For some reason, my instinct tell some that with light this thing will go away. And, about 15-30 minutes later, the sun does rise and sunlight comes through my window - and with that the entity leaves, and I regain my bodily senses.  Of all the sleep paralysis episodes, this one was different in that I FELT someone talk to me in my ear after I woke up (which was not normal), that I felt a presence on me and staring at me, and that I happened to regain control of my body once that pressure was lifted once light filled the room. Normally I would regain control of my body between 5-10 minutes after waking up regardless of when the sun came up, and while I felt my body depressed, it did not usually feel like someone was sitting on me. Therefore I believe this one counts as a paranormal experience. Does anyone have an good stories of spooky experiences with a Ouija board? I just love reading them! Thanks! What is good?! I am doing a radio show for my college about ghost stories and I need some personal experiences. I figured this was the place to go! If you guys wanna share some encounters please do- give as much detail as possible as this is something that is probably going to be read aloud (with full credit to your Reddit User Name).   Thanks! I appreciate it! Good evening spookies! Fellow paranormal fan here.. I love listening to ghost stories and I’d love to tell short ghost stories on YT or TT in my spare time. If you wouldn’t mind, please post a short spooky tale below if you’d be happy for me to post it :) I can include your username or not whatever you’d prefer. Really appreciate it, I love this community so much and love that we all just want to share stories and live in a spooky realm!!   Peace. Love. Spooks.  Phee. Hi Everyone.... been running a ghost story site for many years but stories seem to have dried up.... if anyone would share their supernatural experiences with me, I'd be very grateful... ì will repost them on the site and you will help me keep it going...  &#x200B;  Thanks so much, If any of you would be so kind in sharing stories I’ll gladly share on the platform and shout you out !! Thanks for support I’ve lived in this house for almost 4 years now. At night for a while my bed would be in the corner of the room but facing the door. Every night without stopping I would feel a presence in the doorway, standing there watching me. No matter how many times I’ve turned on a light to see no one their in the hall, I always feel it watching me at night. I was robbed about a year ago and I was trying to destress and as I walk out of my room a girl looks up and stares at me! I think she’s one of the robbers but as I chased her out of the house, I reached the kitchen and before I go to open the door I see the door locked and a chair in front of the door the way I left it. To say the least I was scared but I didn’t act like it because if you show your fear that’s all they will feed upon. So I moved my bed to the other side of the room which made me put my full body mirror to the wall facing the door. I just wanted a different feel to try and feel better. The first night felt fine until I looked in the mirror and felt like I was about to see someone jump out of it. Lucky I fell asleep before anything like that could happen. A year later I’m still here. I feel them all the time but I never let them know. When they do things I pay them no mind. If I ever get out of this hell hole I’ll let you guys know. Until then, Hell-o from the Mover House.  (They like to move things- get it) If you have any questions I’m open to answering. And to people wondering why I do nothing this isn’t the first time I’ve seen ghosts and had to deal with them and it’s the smartest way for me to not make them angry or upset :) As a young man I loved to climb mountains. This is an amazing encounter that occurred to me on one climbing expedition. We had left a hut late one night. The intention was to summit a mountain in a single long push by climbing right through the night.  It was bad weather in the middle of winter and there was deep snow and we were trying to find our way through a maze of crevasses on a glacier. I remember the howling wind and clouds moving rapidly through the sky as the bulk of the mountain loomed over us. There was a full moon which would hide behind the clouds before emerging again.  I remember seeing a man moving up the slope from below us. The first thing that struck me was he didn't have a headlamp on. I yelled over the wind at my climbing partner. "Let's go talk to this guy." "What guy? " "THAT GUY" Pointing down at the figure moving toward us. "What guy??" At this point I remember losing it. That "F@#$&$# guy right there" And at that point I looked down to see absolutely nothing. Thinking he had fallen into a crevasse we walked down but we never found any tracks.  In the years since I have heard reports of similar encounters in that area. In fact recently the bones of a deceased climber from the 1970s were discovered melted out of the ice. The news report reminded me of my mysterious climber from that night. This is something my mother told me 12 years ago when I was home from college for the summer. It is also something she has never brought up again. I’m not 100% convinced of the existence of ghosts or the paranormal but this particular story has always stuck with me. She has never been the type to tell tall tales or exaggerate so I believe her experience to be genuine.  When my mother was 15 she used to babysit the 8 year old daughter of a close family friend (I don’t remember her name, but we’ll call her Emma). Her and my mother became close and she was basically like a little sister to my mom. Tragically, Emma lost her life when she suffered an asthma attack while riding horses with her family. As she was falling off the horse her foot got caught in the stirrup and she was dragged to death. Because they were such close friends, Emma was buried in my mother’s first communion dress.   A few days after the funeral, my mother was home alone one night while my grandparents where out to dinner and my uncle was out with friends. My mom was watching tv in her bedroom when she suddenly got the feeling that Emma was in the room with her. She never saw anything physically manifest, but the little girl’s presence was so overwhelming that it actually terrified her. She started to scream at Emma and asked her to please leave repeatedly. When the presence didn’t subside, my mom ran out of the house and stayed with a neighbor until my grandparents eventually came home. I still think about it because of how convinced she was that Emma was in the room with her. Gives me goosebumps every time.  Thoughts? Has something similar happened to anyone else? Hey yall! I host a podcast, Haunted HTX Podcast, where I share people's personal experiences with the paranormal! If you have a story you'd be interested in being shared on the podcast DM me or email me at [hauntedhtx@gmail.com](mailto:hauntedhtx@gmail.com). Feel free to check out the show on Apple, Spotify, Amazon Music, Sticher or wherever you get your podcasts.I apologize for the poor writing quality. This is the first time since 2019 I have written all this down. I hope it interests you.  This story is real and is my personal experience. Names have been changed.  I joined the Army in 1990 and got out in 1998 when I hit my mid-life crisis; I joined the national guard. A few (more than a few) years after joining the guard I was voluntold I was getting reassigned to a medical unit that was deploying to the middle east. In Jan 2019 I reported to my new unit and learned that in addition to deploying at the end of the year I would have to go through an NTC rotation with the unit.   What a joy, NTC for those who don’t know The National Training Center (NTC) is in the middle of the California Desert. It’s one of the most challenging training events the army has and is as close to hell as we can get on this ball of dirt, or so I think anyway.   Skipping ahead, our rotation at NTC was scheduled to back up to our deployment, meaning we had to deploy our equipment from Ft Irwin, instead of shipping it home. So, after 30 days in the desert, I got to watch my unit load up on buses and head home for a month while I got to stay at Ft Irwin and deal with packing, customs inspections, and inventories. Out of around 5000 guardsmen that made up the force deploying around 300 of us had to stay behind.   Because units don’t typically have to “deploy” Ft Irwin struggled to find a place for us to stay. The Rotational Unit locations were needed for the next unit that was coming in to do some training in the desert, and the National Guard barracks on the post were needed for California Guardsmen who were doing their two weeks annual training that summer. So, after moving around a bit, we landed in what is known as “Augmentee Billeting”.  This is where units that come in not to train but to assist the post-full-time “opposition force” stay. Lucky for us there were no augments needed for the upcoming training, so we got to use these barracks for three weeks.   This is where my story begins.   The work we needed to do was long and hard, but after two weeks most of the heavy lifting was done, and we started to enjoy some downtime. This coincided with our move to the Augmentee housing. When we first moved the housing manager, a civilian, walked the Sr. leaders through the 12 buildings we were to occupy and the bathrooms we were allowed to use.  The setup was typical for Army short-term housing, each building had two sides with bunk beds from front to back. The 12 buildings we occupied along with some others were arranged in a square with large bathrooms and open shelters for a meeting, eating etc. in the area behind the buildings.   Each unit had its buildings, and my unit had the one the furthest from the assigned male bathroom. This was odd because directly behind our building was a male bathroom. But it was locked, and it was not on the list to be assigned to us. Being older I asked the Housing Manager we could get that one assigned as well. Being older I must use the facilities more often, and I did not want half to walk across the pad to the one male bathroom we had. He said “unfortunate that one is not available” which I took to mean it had maintenance issues. Just my luck.      Fast forward a few days, and I was coming back from dinner with my team in Barstow CA. It was late and when we arrived there was an MP (Military Police) car parked in front of the building next to ours.  Being sensitive to issues with the National Guard and the Active duty I decided to walk to the smoking area behind the building with the MP to see if I could find out who had messed up and what we could do to avoid paperwork.   When I got to the end of my building and started to the smoking pit, I swear I heard a scream and running water from the locked bathroom.  However, I also so one of our senior females talking to an MP at the smoking pit while I looked at the bathroom as I walked by, I was more interested in finding out what was up with the MP.   When I reached the female NCO I knew, she immediately said “you heard that right”? I said heard what the scream? Yes, she said “it’s been going on for half an hour. Looks like someone broke into that bathroom and is tearing up the place.” Great I taught, someone got drunk and is going to get arrested please don’t let it be one of my guys.   I turned to the MP and introduced myself; I asked if she had been into the bathroom yet and if she had any idea who was inside. She kind of laughed and said, no, both doors still have their locks, so I’m waiting for my NCOIC to get here with the key.  About that time two additional MP’s arrived, and one said “let’s get this over with” and they all started towards the bathroom. The senior MP turned to me and said Sir do you and the sergeant mind going to wait at the other door?  I said we’re not equipped to deal with some drunk; that’s your job. He laughed and said no worries; I don’t think anyone will come out that side, more a precaution if you don’t mind. Satisfied I walked to the sidewalk so I could see the back door. The noise from the bathroom was getting worse. It was clear all the showers where on from the steam, you could hear toilets flushing and what I assume was stall doors banging.   The MP’s gave me a thumbs up as they went to unlock the padlock on the door. Suddenly, and I presumed when they opened the door, all the noise stopped; all we could hear was the water running, and then the MP’s giving the “Military Policy” yell as they entered. Shortly after that, we could hear them yelling clear as they moved down the building and cleared areas. When they got to the end of the building, I was on they started turning off the showers and moving back towards the other door.   I went to the front door wanting to see who they brought out. As they came out the senior guy told his subordinates to make sure power was off and lock up. He asked me and Prylor (the Master sergeant who had originally called in the disturbance) to walk with him. When we go back to the smoking area, he said, “We didn’t find anyone inside.” I was indigent, clearly someone had been in the bathroom, and I said that imposable. He held his hands up and said Sir, this is not the first time this has happened. Every few months we get calls that someone is messing around over here, when we get here, we search and clear the building and find nothing but running showers and if the bathroom has supplies, they will be thrown all over. But we never find anyone inside. I don’t have an explanation for it, but from what I understand this has been going on for years. There is a standing order that no MP’s go into that bathroom alone, and at least one of the MP’s doing a search must be male. What the “F” I said, why is that? He said he was not sure but from what he had heard a female MP had had unexplained injuries when she searched the bathroom alone.   In my mind, I said this is bullshit, just the Active army messing with the Guard again. The MPs left, and MSG Prylor and I talked for a bit; she was originally from Louisiana and joined the NC guard when she got out of the Army at Ft Bragg. I told her I thought this was a bullshit prank by the MPs. She was not so sure, she said she taught it was supernatural. I was not convinced.   Three additional times during our stay people reported hearing noises, screaming, and running water from that building. Each time the response was the same. Three MPs would search the building and find no one.    When it came time to clear the building, I asked the Housing manager for a moment when we were done. He looked at me and said you have questions about the bathroom, right? Well yes, I said. He looked at me and said, “I need a cigarette walked with me to my truck.”   This is what he told me. In 2009 a soldier who was doing an augmentation mission from Ft. Hood committed suicide in that bathroom. Sadly, this is not uncommon, soldier suicide is at an all-time high. After his death, the housing team started getting reports of issues in the bathroom. The first incidents were with the stall door, the one where the soldier died, which would not stay on its hinges.  They would get calls nearly daily that the door had fallen off. Only to find it undamaged and laying on the floor. Then during the period of no units using the building, they would come to open it only to find the door off and on the floor with the showers running.   A few years later he said the MPs started getting calls; some were screams and yelling in the bathroom, some were of people being punched while showering, etc. In 2012 the building maintenance team and the MPs decided to leave the building locked. While it took one bathroom away, it was not worth the constant hassle of dealing with the calls.   That’s when the “someone is trashing the bathroom” calls started. Early on MPs would get the key and search the building, turn off the showers, and lock it back up. However, one night a female MP got the call. She arrived went in and was beaten, somewhat badly. After a long investigation, no one was ever charged with her assault. The MP herself said she did not see her attacker, but that punches came from all directions. This is when the unofficial policy of “three MP’s and at least one male on the team started.   He looked at me and said Sir, I don’t believe in spooks and stuff, but whatever is in there, it scares me.   I’ll be honest, whatever is in there scares me too.   &#x200B;  [Augmentee Billiting FT Irwin CA \(Subject Bathroom Circled\)](https://preview.redd.it/4v0zm34qwfp91.png?width=695&format=png&auto=webp&s=21f793e3e83861c0294befb5144f2499614a0ae2) In December of 2020, a being told me of specific events that would unfold, which have thus far. This being woke me saying, “Watch me turn on the light.” I opened my eyes and saw a semi-transparent limb stretch up to my ceiling fan and pull the cord, turning on my light. While I was lying in bed, this being told me what would soon occur, saying “Try to survive.” These experience are not the first I have had communicating with spirits. The first dream I had in which a spirit interacted with me was as a child dreaming of my deceased brother. Before he visited me in a field, smiling and breathing his soul into my mouth, I had no idea he ever existed. He told me in my dream of his death, and to ask my mother about it. His words echoed in my head as I woke up. I walked into her living room and asked her about him, whom she had never mentioned to me before. She turned white and asked how I knew. Okay, so this is a story that happened with me and two of my friends while we were at a  night out in the school. My school was having a slumber party.  At night, exactly at like 1:30 am, me and both of my friends, felt like we needed to go and pee. So we went to the washroom, relieved ourselves, and agreed that none of us felt sleepy. So, we decided to explore the entire school. There are two buildings in our campus. We went in the one which is near the cemetery. We thought that we won't see anything. As soon as we entered the building, we started getting bad vibes. Felt like we must turn our backs and return to the building where all of the other students were. But we were an adventurous trio. We decided to defy the odds and explore the building. What could possibly happen? We will hear footsteps? See some huge stuff getting thrown in front of us? Nope. None of these. We started hearing someone talking. We thought that there must an another group,exploring,but no. Suddenly, the temperature of the place suddenly fell down. Like 0 degrees Celsius even though it was summer. Then, we heard a loud female scream. So loud, that we thought that the students in the other building might here it. We even started feeling that whatever screamed, was coming running towards us. We turned our backs and ran as fast as we could. Upon reaching the other building, a teacher who was with all of us asked us why we came running so fast out of the next building. We told him everything that happened, but he said that he didn't hear any scream. We thought that it might have been an imagination. The next day, one of my friends who accompanied me into the building got a couple of scars on his stomach and chest. He even fell insanely ill.  Felt like sharing this experience here, with you guys. Thank you. I'm also going to share a real quick story that happened a few years ago.  My husband and I went to visit his mother at her friend's house out in the country not too far where we live. This house is old, to me, looked like 1930s, but might be older. Filled with antiques. The story is that the previous owner (years and years ago) actually died upstairs, but I can't remember how, I think just from old age.  There was this huge antique mirror in the living room and I was just looking at (well, looking at myself in it because vanity lol) when all of a sudden I feel something poke me behind my neck. Like a bony finger just slowly poke me at back of the base of my skull.  Freaked me out. I turned around and asked my husband  and mother in law had they touched me, and they said no. Which I figured they hadn't, because I would have seen it in the mirror.  It was like something was taunting me for looking in the  mirror. Maybe whoever owned the mirror or whoever it was that died in the house. This just happened. My wife sent me a text to come in the room because she was to freaked out to yell out for me while she was putting our baby to sleep. We have a tv in the room that’s not to old but doesn’t have the voice option on our remote. She was watching Grey’s Anatomy and I didn’t here it at first. It sounded like someone was talking outside of our window and I listened closer I can here a deep voice coming from the tv. As I sat there I can here the tv talking but as I watch the subtitles I can tell it was a entirely different conversation going on. She keeps the volume fairly low and the subtitles on. I grab the remote control to turn up the volume and the deep voice said “good to see you. You look exactly the same”. In a dark manor. Than my older son approach to room and as I was trying to rationalize what’s going on. So in a panic I shut it off because he is only eight and had a couple scares already that freaked me out a while ago. Just wanna know your guys thought and if it happens again I’m gonna record. Sorry in advance for my grammar and punctuation but this happens literally two minutes ago so I’m kind of freaked out. This just happened and I’m not entirely sure how to feel or what to think. I’ve had a few ghost / strange / bizarre experiences before and seen one ghost very clearly in 2008. I’m not phased by much, these experiences are very rare and I barely think of them. I feel very comfortable in my home and have lived here for 1.5 years now. I live in a large studio, don’t own any pets, the bedroom area directly connects to the front door hallway and bathroom. I’ve spent the day relaxing and seeing family, then lay down in bed just reading articles online / watching TV. I just got up to walk down the hallway (2.5 metres total length), as I turned into the hallway I very clearly saw and felt a cat walking alongside the skirting board which I nearly tripped on. I gasped and shook immediately (still have goosebumps and trying to get my heart rate down). It took me a few seconds to realise this was a ghost. I’ve never heard of an animal ghost before, has anyone had an experience like this? It honestly nearly tripped me up. It took a few minutes to get my breathe back, I also went pale. I grew up with two silver cats (who would be dead now) but this didn’t feel like one of those cats. I also live directly next to a vet, so now I’m thinking maybe a cat passed on in that vet office and is lingering now in my apartment / building? I honestly don’t know what to think, I’m not scared but it gave me the shock of a lifetime trying to get my balance. Any ideas what this is? Nothing much is coming up on google. Thanks    Hello everyone  My name is Walter and I’m a enthusiast of supernatural thing, I already had some experience that soon I want to tell here, but now I want to tell and show something that just happened to my brother, first I’d like to say that I’m not so good to white in English even though all this time living here, I’m still taking some classes, I’m originally from Brazil but I live in Los Angeles since 2015.  Ok, let me start, my brother is 7 years older than me, he works for a Paper And Cellulose company, I think this company is the biggest of one of them in the world, so it has a lot money and when it started been building they started to buy all farms around the city and surrounded cities to plante eucalyptus, for those who don't know, they make paper with eucalyptus wood. My brother works driving that big tractor 🚜 that I don’t know the name in English, it has something like a claws, to stack the eucalyptus trunks, he works in a rotating shift, sometimes day sometimes during the night.  He told me once that something farms are old, they have cemetery, and the eucalyptus plantation surrounds the cemetery and sometimes he works at night close to it, he doesn’t like, well, last week he was work at night in one of this farms very haunted according some of his friends that already saw some weird things, it was a crew of 4, 3 machine tractor 🚜, and one mechanic to support if one of the tractor breaks down. Now let me say exactly what my brother said.  He said he was working and the mechanic was close to him inside the truck 🛻, my brother was like watching him I notice that he was weird, he was inside the truck, get off holding the cell phone and start to walking straight behind the eucalyptus stacks that we can see on the picture, my brother said he wondered what was going on, and thought he went behind the stack to poop 💩 😂, ok so my brother got off the tractor to talk to the mechanic, and he said to my brother that he was in the car when suddenly he saw someone walking, he focused his flashlight and saw the woman and took the picture, she kept walking and the moment that my brother saw him walking, the guy said he put his cellphone to record and went after her but she disappeared. I love this picture because looks so clear, and I like more because my brother was witness.  Thanks everyone, I hope u understand my English.  &#x200B;  https://preview.redd.it/1qs1pc6kgcp91.jpg?width=924&format=pjpg&auto=webp&s=772191bf73670cbb0c2ec9d51edc9fb1ee3cb4d2 Previously I've shared a story about a ghost of a little girl that was humming in my room when I was 18. I'll go ahead and share another ghost story that happened just last year, while me, my husband, and family were on vacation.  My family rented a cabin in Helen Ga, which was 3 stories tall, and was pretty much right in the center of town. We stayed for a week, and about 3 days in our stay weird things started to happen. My aunt and grandma (who stayed on the second floor, along with my mom and dad, who had their own room) started hearing things. They said they heard a little girl crying, at night. I didn't pay much attention to it (my aunt and grandma are pretty jumpy when it comes to staying in new places, I thought they just heard a tv going because there was a TV in each of our rooms).  4 days into the trip. My aunt and mom are sitting on the couch and they hear a girl say in a very distressed and breathy voice "Mama". My mom yelled for me, I was out on the porch of the cabin, and asked if I hollered for her, which of course I didn't. Now my mom, grandma AND aunt were all scared. They were afraid to be left alone in any part of the cabin by themselves. I tried not to pay attention to it because we were on vacation, I wanted to have a good time hanging out at the cabin, and wanted to have a good night's sleep, lol. So thinking about ghosts just wasn't on my mind.  Until that night. My husband and I had the top room of the cabin. We turned off the TV and went to sleep after a long day of walking around town. I woke up out of a dead sleep and I start hearing a girl cry. Small moaning sobs. I went real quiet, stopped breathing to hear if it was just my mind, or my ears playing tricks on me because I'm thinking it might be one of my family members' tvs playing. Nothing. The sounds was definitely coming from inside the room. I went back in my mind about 6 years ago to when the ghost of a little girl started humming in my room, and the fear and panic of that experience flew over me again.  I grabbed the smart tv's remote and turned it to some cartoon or movie and turned up the volume. Like it was pretty loud, my husband turned over to complain how loud it was, and asked me to turn it off. "ABSOLUTELY not, I'm not turning it down or off" He got agitated and asked me why did I have it so loud, I told him I would explain in the morning. The sobs eventually died out over the sounds of the tv.  The next day I told my husband what happened, and told him we only have 2 nights left, that I'm going to leave the tv on loud, to just get ready for it. I was afraid to hear the little girl cry again. To be honest I was so upset about it, I was ready to just up and go home.   So the next night passes and the tv was kept on and loud. Nothing that night except mine and my husband's ears hurting and a sleepless night.  The last night was a doozy. I was so tired that I went straight to sleep and left my husband watching TV, but I asked him to please, before he went to sleep, to start a movie or whatever and keep the volume up. He promised and I went to sleep. Then I woke up again out of a deep sleep to the sound of how quiet it was and the panic shot threw me. The tv wasn't on. And I can't swear on the Bible, but I think I could hear the little girl crying again. I looked at the tv and it had on the screen something to do with "playback" issues, it was a smart tv with the roku. So I was doing everything I could, the remote buttons wouldn't work and I was freaking out. Like it wouldn't let me move out of the "error" screen. So I somehow had to restart the tv to get it to come back on and actually PLAY something. After fiddling around with it for more than I would care to, it actually started up and let me scroll to a movie to play, and once again the volume was turned up. I think whatever was in that cabin, had something to do with trying to stop the tv playing.  I was happy this was our last night in the cabin.  I will never stay in Helen, Georgia ever again. so this happened when i was like ten. i moved into a house that was fairly new and was built less then a year from when we moved in. we were renting it because we were building a house somewhere else.  there is a lot that happened but i will be brief with the regalur things that we witnessed. doors would open, lights flicker, a clock that didn't work for 20 years with no battaries starting dinging. even my little music box started playing and that was real creepy.  this all started happening like 2 weeks after my pop died, so we thought it was him. but one day when my mom was at work, her coworker claimed to speak and sometimes see spirits, dropped a tray full of food in shock. she froze. my mum and the other coworkers asked what was up. the lady said that a spirit was hovering over my mum and then left, but with no bad intentions. she said it was in human form. the lady discribed the spirit and it matched the exact disscription of my babcia-great grandma-. we were confused. we then thought it was her. but you will soon see that we were likely wrong.  my most bizzare incounture was on a school morning. i walked into a the pantry (a small room thing) to grab some toast out of the toaster, which is at the other end of the pantry. i was walking out wheni felt something behind me. i turned around but kept walking, which i wouldnt normally do, but because of this i was safe, because three flipp'n glass trays came flying at me and smashed. i just missed. my first thought was "oh my god that is the coolest thing that has ever happened to me!"  looking back i am more horrorfied but still think it was interesting.  also we later found out after we moved out that it was built over an Aboriginal burial ground. (i live in Australia). we were annoyed that they built over that.  sorry for bad spelling I’ve been slowly sharing my paranormal experiences on Reddit.   December 23, 2000. I just flew in from college for winter break. It was a late arrival and had to drive close to an hour home from the airport. After spending sometime catching up with my mom and grandma (who were always night owls), I decided I needed to sleep. My room shared with my sister had been left unchanged. She was not there that night. It is now early morning Christmas Eve.    To set the scene, this house and room are small. It’s a very small one level ranch home. The room was a box big enough for one twin bed on one side of the room and my twin bed on the other. Offset parallel, set up that the heads/pillow area were opposite of each other and the ends of the beds overlap by a few feet. Basically a head to toe format. There is approx 2-3” between the beds.    Anyway, from my bed I can see out the door, down the hallway where our bathroom was and I could see just past that to beginning of the dining room. My mom and grandma stayed in the family room with the tv on and this is just by the dining room.  Again, small house you can hear everyone and everything with little effort.   Anyway, I roll to my side and look over to the corner where my sister’s head would normally be on her pillow. I see this odd white glow in the corner over her bed.  I stay to watch because I get this sense it’s ok, only love. In the past with any paranormal event I usually noped right out of there or was afraid. This white glow is in the shape of what I believe is an angel. I can see that’s it’s tall, the head, wings (not expanded) outline, then I see a figure that is standing in front of it. This figure is white and glowly as well, but I can see two separate shapes.  It steps out, places it’s hands together in a prayer sign and bows. It backs up and it disappears.   Well reality sets in with wth did I just see…frozen now that fear is taking over…I yell for my grandma..……”grandma…..” “what?” “Can you turn the hall light on? I just saw a ghost”. She turns the hall light on and I remember her saying “20 years old and still believes in ghost and needs a light on.”  I felt mad at that point. For mocking me for believing in something she has had experiences with. Yes it was the family that say they believe in ghost but the minute one of us “kids” would have an experience it was not credible and just our imagination.   I fell asleep and was awoken around 6am to the phone ringing.   It was an unexpected call and I hear my grandma talking to the caller and begin crying. Her uncle had unexpectedly passed away in the night after having minor surgery to remove a small patch of skin carcinoma.  He was in his late 70s. This was her favorite and closest uncle. The only one I knew that she spoke with. Now looking back it makes sense since they were only about 10 years apart in age.  I never met him since he lived a few states away.  Funny to only know someone by a few mail correspondences and phone conversations.  My grandma would go visit him as a break from us.   I remember she spent most of Christmas Eve mourning in her bedroom. Family comes over in the evening which are her sons, my uncles. I’m in my room and they are at the dining room table talking and I heard my name mentioned and begin listening.  I hear my grandma talk about a 20 year old seeing things and needing her grandma to turn the light on. They all laugh.  And then I hear my one uncle call for me.  I go out to them knowing what they were just talking about.  He asks me to tell them what I saw. I tell them. Right as I was finishing my grandma shoots up and runs to her room and slams the door. She is crying.   The focus is off me and my one uncle is at her door asking what is wrong. She lets my uncle in. About 20 minutes later he comes out and tells my other uncle and I very seriously that my grandma is upset because she just figured it out. Her uncle came to say good bye to her. The angel arrived the same time her uncle died, in the room she slept in when her uncle last visited many years ago, and his way of saying good bye was with the prayer hands and bow. (There was no way I would have known his way of saying good bye was with the prayer hands and a bow since I never met him in person).   This is my story of how I saw an angel and someone saying goodbye to their loved ones. I feel like I robbed my grandma of one last good bye.  By chance, I was the one available to listen.I've experienced a lot of paranormal incidents, but most can be pretty easily dismissed. However, this was the most concrete account I've ever had.  I was spending the night at a friend's house. We were either toward the end of our high school years or just beginning college. As per usual, we were lying in her bed, talking. I was resting on my back, staring at the ceiling as we did this. At some point during our conversation, I noticed an oddly shaped shadow in the middle of her ceiling. It appeared to be circular with what I likened to tentacles protruding from it, which were moving much like a jellyfish's. Trying to rationalize what it could be, I turned my head to look outside of her window. It was late at night. There was a bush that grew next to her window. I at first thought the shadow might just be coming from that, but I noticed the branches weren't moving. With a sickening feeling, I looked toward the shadow again. It was still there. I finally decided to ask my friend, Chris, if she saw the shadow, too.  She asked, "The one on the ceiling? With the tentacles?" I confirmed. "Yeah. There are a bunch around like that, but it's the only one that has those tentacles."  The fact that she saw it, too, almost made the situation more terrifying. It got even worse, though, because as soon as she acknowledged its existence, the shadow began to move toward us across the ceiling. The shadow actually reached the point where the ceiling met the wall where our heads were resting, but Chris snapped her fingers and pointed toward the center of the room. "She doesn't want you over here. Go back to the center." And it did.  Chris swore up and down that these shadow entities were good. She recounted an evening when she had a bad feeling about her mother, whose room was across the hall. She was frightened something had happened to her but couldn't muster the courage to go look for herself. Instead, she asked these entities to go check on her mother for her. She claimed they slid across the walls and ceiling until the got to the doorframe, materialized into a shadowperson, and left the room. She also said she felt relieved afterward, no longer frightened for her mother.  I, on the other hand, had been practically frozen with fear. It had all seemed like bad juju to me. I suggested maybe they were deceptive, but she wrote that off. At the time, I was Christian (I'd now describe myself as an agnostic spiritualist), and I prayed over the house. She made the comment a few weeks later that she hadn't seen them since then, but they eventually returned. Maybe they truly were harmless and I was simply being closed minded, but I just didn't feel right when I saw that thing. To this day, I still wonder what it was and what it wanted. This is a rewrite/repost of a true story that I wrote and deleted a while back.   About thirty years ago I spent several years working in movie theaters in Worcester, Massachusetts. My favorite was the huge old building that had been chopped up into four separate cinemas. It had been a beautiful theater back when it was built in 1926 as the Poli Palace.   Although it had been semi-destroyed during modernization in the late 50s, there were still many original features of the building that remained. As a manager, I had been issued a big keychain that gave me access to the entirety of the building, and I spent countless hours exploring nearly every part of that building (except the curtain loft, which would have required climbing an iron ladder about 80 feet. Nope.)  The building had attics and basements and crawl spaces. There was an area in the front of the the building on the second floor that had two or three abandoned businesses that had been walled off. There was a music store and a ballet studio, and maybe an office. There was also a bathroom. Everything looked like it was from the 1940s or 50s. Faded wallpaper with ballerina motif, a peeling mirror on the wall.   In another section of the building was the old managers office with high ceilings and crown molding and a beautiful stained glass window that I believe dated back to 1912 and had previously been part of an adjacent theater. There was still an old safe in the office. I found a newspaper article in the public library from 1942 or ‘44 that detailed an armed robbery when two men had tied up the managers in the office and robbed the safe. (One of those men was later executed in the electric chair for an unrelated crime.) We used the old managers office to store giant 30-gallon bags of popcorn.   There was a sort of crawl space under the box office that was accessible by lifting a hinged plywood panel and climbing over a four-foot wall. On the other side were the remains of a couple of basement rooms with broken concrete and bricks strewn about. In one of those rooms I found an old flared Coca-Cola glass in perfect condition. I kept it for years. I also found a deck of cards in a handmade leather pouch with a snap closure fashioned out of a buffalo nickel.   There were also old dressing rooms with makeup mirrors and lightbulbs. The paint was peeling off the walls in potato-chip sized flakes.   As you can surmise, the building was purported to be haunted. The head manager claimed to have had ghostly experiences. I’ll start there, I guess.   When the building was remodeled in the late 1950s, the men’s room in the basement was converted into the manager’s office. One night while closing up, the manager (my boss) made his way up the stairs to the main lobby. As he emerged, something caught his eye. Way up by the ornate 30 foot ceiling he saw an apparition floating there. It disappeared into the ceiling. Terrified, he ran back down the stairs and hid in the office until daylight.   Another time, he was again working late. There were several arcade machines in an area of the lobby, and they were normally powered-off when the last shows were in. As he climbed the stairs, he heard all of the machines making their electronic bleeps and bloops. He was annoyed that the usher had failed to turn off the machines before punching out, and realized that he’d have to go turn them off himself. As soon as he opened the door the noises stopped dead. Looking across the lobby from where he emerged, the machines were all dark. They were indeed powered off.   A projectionist claimed that he looked out of the booth window one night in the big theater upstairs while shutting things down and saw a face looking in at him.   I take those stories with a grain of salt. I was always skeptical of those based on the sources.   Here’s my experience.   I was obsessed with the history of the building, and would research newspaper archives for articles about it. There were rumors that a stagehand had died there in an accident during the time that it had been a vaudeville theater. I was never able to confirm that.   I had talked about the building to my mother and she in turn happened to discuss it with a woman that she worked with. That woman claimed to be psychic or clairvoyant or maybe just that she would get “feelings” about things. She told my mother that she had been to that theater, and that she felt that someone had indeed been killed there, and that his name began with the letter “M”. My reaction was “Huh. Okay, sure. She sounds nutty.”  Sometime later, I was the sole manager on duty on a slow night mid-week. I was alone in the office in the basement. The seven o’clock shows were in, and I was doing paperwork. The intercom buzzed. It was the box office cashier calling to tell me that I had a phone call. I asked who it was, and she said that she didn’t know.   I hung up the intercom and pushed the button for the main incoming line where the call was holding. The earpiece erupted with loud, close squealing and static. I use the word “close” because it was so loud and distinct that I assumed that it was something wrong with the phone PBX in our building rather than the line itself or the caller’s phone. It was just the impression that I had.   “Hello?”, I said.   Nothing. Just more squealing and static.   “Hello?”, I repeated.   “Hello.” A man’s voice. Calm, flat. Distinct. Then nothing further.   “Who is this?” I was a bit perplexed. All of the noise on the line and the caller seemingly reluctant to speak.   “This is Mike.” Calm, quiet. Not shouting over the noise of the line. Quite audible and clear. Then nothing but the awful squealing and static.  I waited a few seconds for the caller to continue. After all, he called me. Presumably there was a reason. Nothing.   “Mike WHO??”, I said, feeling a little impatient. Mike is a common name, and there were two Mikes employed there at the time. One of them had a fairly high-pitched voice that sounded nothing like the caller. It didn’t sound like the other Mike either.   The line abruptly went dead. Silent. The squealing and hissing stopped. I waited. No one called back.   I called Sandy, the box office cashier and asked her if they asked for me personally or just to speak to the manager. She said that the caller had asked for me by name.   Suddenly I remembered my mother’s friend. A man’s name beginning with the letter “M”.   Mike.   It never happened again and the phone never made those noises. No one ever confessed to a prank. I never figured out who it was. I don't post on things but I need answers. So last night I don't know what happened but, It's either my door glitched, or there's a ghost possessing my door but, yesterday I was sitting on my bed and the door randomly opened and closed. The fan wasn't on, my dog was downstairs sleeping and my father was also downstairs watching a movie. My mother was at work so it couldn't have been her. It wasn't even that late, It was around 9:20 pm, a time where weird things would usually happen. For example, when I was watching a movie with my father, I could see the lights flickering on and off in the dining room. We didn't have any problems with the electricity and my mother was also at work at the time. And when I was younger I would see a dog sitting somewhere in my house, and I thought it was my dog so I always got close to it, and before I could even come within 6 feet, it would disappear and I would find my dog sitting in the kitchen. I also saw a tall man with a long black trench coat, black boots, and a tall black top hat, he didn't have a face either. I would usually see him turning the corner so me, a stupid kid, decided to try and chase him. And when I turned the corner, he was gone. I stopped seeing him after I turned 6. I sometimes see the dog still but it disappears after I blink. As I had gotten older I started to feel like someone was standing over me as I slept, luckily I had a eye mask on so I could open my eyes without seeing whatever was standing over me, but I could just sense it, just staring at me. Eventually I would fall asleep and the feeling of anxiety would go away. The next morning I would pretend like nothing happened and go along with my day. I never told anyone this until now because I thought that people would think I was crazy. Sometimes when I would watch a scary movie, I would have sleep paralysis and it would feel like I was being watched by a dark figure, sometimes it would be at the foot of my bed, or it would be right next to me,  watching, and staring into my skull. I leave a light on  because I'm scared of the dark because of these feelings, thinking whatever had watched me in my sleep would return. I used to have dreams full of life and color but now, it's just a black void. I can't talk, move, or hear anything, it's just a pitch black void with nothing in it. I've tried using dream catchers and protection charms, and evil eyes but nothing will work. I'm thinking about getting a priest to come bless my house, or an exorcist to get rid of whatever is in my house. My mother told me that I would randomly look up from my toys and speak to something that wasn't there, I never had an imaginary friend so she thought I was just talking to the birds in the attic, but even when the birds had moved out of our attic, I would still do this. Even as I'm typing this I feel paranoid, and I feel like someone's watching me. Update: Right now I'm in the master room, it's 8:37 and I have heartburn, I've had done most of the things that people have said and I don't think it's worked, I'm just going to try something that has worked for my grandparents and I'm going to see if they'll accept it. Update: I decided to try and offer the ghost something and I don't know if they accept it or not, but, they did leave a really fancy looking K on my floor using string. Is this a sign? Update: Well, this isn't exactly an update but oh well. Let me get some things cleared up, 1. I am not a Christian 2. I'm talking about my Japanese grandparents, and even if they are atheists, they still respect the dead, the reason why I'm offering the ghost something is to try and get to some agreement. I'm not giving the ghost anything that will possibly increase it's power, I'm simply putting some things like a Snickers bar, something to eat. Please understand that, thank you. So I release episodes for my podcast on Monday and Fridays, ya know, good start to the week and a good end or something to listen to while you're getting ready to go out out. Well, it dawned on me that Halloween this year is a Monday!!!! I would love to do an episode dedicated to peoples ghost stories if they dont mind sharing. A buddy of mine has started experiencing strange events and he is terrified. My friend, lets call him R bought a civil war musket ball dug up from the battle field of bull run. R is really into the civil war and wanted a piece from one of the battels. He bought the musket ball on Monday. He started hearing knocking on Thursday even though it was late and every body was fast asleep other than him. He didn't think much of it till the next day. Friday night he was laying in bed when all of the sudden he heard the knocking again. He pulled out his phone and started recording immediately when his mucket ball and custom dog tags fell off the shelf. Right after they hit the floor he heard a swift "hey" sounding like an older mans voice he didn't recognize. A few minutes after the "hey" he heard heavy foot steps coming from his attic. No one ever goes in his attic because it has thin floors and is to far out of the way for them to store anything up there. He sent all of us friends the video to see if we heard the same thing as him. We all agreed that we heard the footsteps and the distinct "hey". tonight in an Xbox party we were talking about what he had heard trying to figure out what it was. He decided it was late and he was going to get some sleep while we stayed on a bit longer. 15 minutes later he comes back in complete tears and tells us that he was lying in bed when he saw his doorhandle turn his lights cut off at the switch and the door opened almost all the way. R is not the type of person to shoe fear or when he cries but he was crying in complete fear. He is scared for his life and is not sure how to get rid of this thing, whatever it is. He is extremally religious and has put a cross on the musket ball and is holding a cross on his chest while he goes to sleep. Can anyone help to maybe get rid of whatever this thing is. Hello everyone my name is Dalton I’m 28 years old. When I was about 22 I had was having a really hard time I had just lost my job and my younger sister had gotten into a bad car accident and was on life support and they thought she was brain dead and didn’t expect her to survive. I was taking the bus back and forth from the hospital. My sister had been in the hospital on life support for about two weeks at this point. One night I was leaving the hospital for the night and it was pretty late probably around 8 or 9 pm and I was sitting at the bus stop on a bench with my head in my hands and I was just lost. After sitting there for about 5 minutes and I smelled a sulfur like smell then felt someone tap me on the shoulder. I looked up and saw a young woman standing beside me she looked to be about my age at the time so 21 or 22. She was very pretty she was pale she had long straight blonde hair and blue eyes. She was very professionally dressed she she was wearing a black suit, black pants and black dress shoes. She asked if she could sit down and I said yes then said that I looked sad and asked what was wrong. I told her everything and she patted me on the shoulder and said everything was going to  be ok. Then my bus pulled up I stood up to get on the bus but before I got on I turned around to thank her and when I turned around she was gone. There was no way she could have been gone that fast. I thought it was very strange but nice and I just got on the bus home. The next morning I got a frantic call from my mother and she told me that my sister had woken up. I immediately went to the hospital and when I got there they had taken the breathing tube out and she was talking. About two weeks later she walked out of the hospital with no lasting damage and all the doctors said it was a miracle and they had never seen anything like it. A week after she was released from the hospital my old job called and rehired me. I don’t know exactly what the woman was but I wish I could see her again to thank her. Let me know what you guys think she might have been. Are school won’t believe us no matter how much students can tell them.It was a normal day all of us were going to are locker to get are books,Me and about 30 other girls have a locker in the locker room.There was a girl who was gonna go into the stalls in are locker room and the bathroom is out of site from the lockers.We start getting are books but next thing you know the girl screamed at the top of her lungs,we all were going to see what happens and then we saw IT.There was a little girl hanging from the ceiling another little girl hiding in a stall and a man. The two little girls were both in white dresses,the “man” was very tall and he had a hat like a magicians hat.After we figured out what was happening we all started running and screaming some had to be dragged out since they were rocking back and forth.Also a part I forgot to mention is that only about 30-40% saw the man.Anyways when we all got out of there 4 girls got locked in.Most of us were prying the door open and we got it.I was one of the people who was comforting one of the four girls and then she yelled “They started running towards us“ we all went pale to her saying that.Another girl was so scared she started vomiting.I still feel bad for those girls I know all 4 of them all 4 girls were in 6th.this all happened on the date of 9/28/22.Anyways there is much more to this story and you guys can ask questions I might be able to answer some. I was hired onto a job in an assisted living facility with approximately 20 or so residents, it was a few times I’ve seen this thing but not as well as this one time.  As I said I’ve worked in this assisted living facility working 2p-10p, when night fell, they were simply the worst times for me. While working or walking the halls to make sure my residents were safe I felt watched, and not just watched by like my other coworker, or residents mind you the evening shift only had 2 staff members after 6 (ending dinner) until the next shift arrives. Well as I said I felt watched and it creeped me out, and it doesn’t help knowing that this facility sat basically surrounded by the woods, but this small town was haunted and known to be the most haunted in the US. To give you a hint on where, it’s also known for the “sally house”. Back to the story…. It was one evening in November. It was time after the residents cleared and headed off to bed so for mine and my coworker working with me as well this night meant downtime. We decided to go outside for some fresh air and just play on our phones. That’s when something told me to look and I turned my head and saw a tall man (doesn’t describe NONE of our residents) in all black facing us through one of the side door window facing the side porch where we were sitting. This man or thing had a top hat on covering half his face. I don’t know what I did or why I had to look away for a slight second but I did and when I looked again…… He was GONE!!!!!  ✨first time posting please be nice😂🙏🏽✨ I work at a daycare and have never once thought something weird was going on. Today was different, I came back from my break and the other teacher in my room told me that one of the kids was sleep walking which they have never ever done before which I thought was weird but we laughed it off. Throughout the rest of nap time (an hour) 5 different kids screamed in their sleep randomly which never happens and then one of the kids that sleeps the longest and sleeps like a rock sits up in their bed and was staring at the ceiling/wall wide eyes and smiling.the kid then puts their hands up like they want to be picked up and says something unfortunately we weren’t close enough to hear what they said. My coworker laid the kid back down and for five minutes the kid stared at the same spot still with wide eyes and smiling and then went back to sleep. I keep thinking about the kid putting their hands up and it’s freaking me tf out. Does anyone know what could have caused all of this? Can be anything relating to Paranormal A BIT FREAKY THIS!!  [https://www.mylondon.news/news/nostalgia/terrifying-hyde-park-trees-shaped-25111173](https://www.mylondon.news/news/nostalgia/terrifying-hyde-park-trees-shaped-25111173)  [Terrifying trees...](https://preview.redd.it/bkkq6bkg6mr91.jpg?width=3200&format=pjpg&auto=webp&s=820789990d00a46c229dfe5e1e951276b4e459b5)This one has always been a fun one to tell. My husband does not believe in the paranormal and thinks it’s a bunch of nonsense.  At this point we were still early on in our relationship and living together for a couple of years. He bought an old 1929 house in a suburb near the big city we grew up close to.  I would often see the shadows move out of the corner of my eyes and began having a sense that our energy was not the only one there. Nothing too concerning.  We had a 120lb American black lab so it could easily be her moving through the house. Or we can explain it away that maybe the neighbors backed in and the lights just hit the windows just right.  One day, I tell my guy that I saw a small black shadow walk into the laundry room. I was not taken seriously.  Has to be some reasonable explanation. I mentioned it because it wasn’t a out of the corner of my eye experience this time.  The laundry room is in the finished basement. The only windows are glass block windows with a vent and they are etched/foggy. They are 4 x 3 blocks (I think) whatever the standard basement window size is.  This part of the basement the windows face into our backyard. There are no lights coming in from traffic. The houses were built in an old apple orchard so the back yards were long! About .50 an acre. About 1 acre between our house and the house ours backed up to.  We had an 8’ foot wooded fence along the property line. No outside light source.  A few weeks later we are getting ready to go to the store together. I was finishing some laundry and he is in the basement finishing up something on the computer that was down there, to the left of the laundry room door. He asks me to put the dog in her crate while he finishes up. He will just be a minute longer. The crate is in the basement but behind to the right of where my guy is sitting. The laundry room door is open.  All the lights are off now except for the hall light on top of the stairs and the pc. I’m now standing at the end of the stairs facing my guy and he is looking at the computer. Black shadow dog walks into the laundry room. My guy - I thought you put (dog) into her crate? Nah, thought you were going to. He calls the dog. I’m looking at our dog in her crate. Now he is losing his patience since there are things in the laundry room he doesn’t want her to eat or get into. Can you please get the dog? What dog? Fine, I’ll do it. At this point I ask him to turn around and look in the crate. Looks at the crate, looks back at the computer.  You saw it, didn’t you! You saw the black shadow go into the laundry room too! Only time he ever admitted that he saw something in that house.  Now I don’t know much about shadow beings.  Never really looked into it. We were in this house for 8 years and had our first kid here.  Never anything malicious or scary. [https://youtu.be/RzST5a938wg](https://youtu.be/RzST5a938wg)  please delete if not allowed ive begun a spooky channel branching in to all the occult please feel free to check it outSo I'm here to tell you about an experience I had with paranormal activity which took place back on 2006(summer)  So I was 18 years old and I was leaving with my brother in a building which had 2 apartments (2 floors).In the lower one there was us and on the second floor my cousins ,my uncle and my aunt.  Every summer my cousins ,aunt and uncle used to go on vocation at their home village so the house was completely empty for 3 months and no one was living there .  My aunt's bedroom was build right above our bedroom(brother and me)and 3-4 times a week when we were playing video games we used to hear *HEAVY* steps right above us(aunts bedroom).As said before there was no one leaving in the apartment and it was locked up for many days.Also there wasn't any buildings built next to this one so it couldn't be our neighbours .  We couldn't explain the situation so we decided to investigate it .We did some research and finally we bought a professional microphone which detects some specific frequencies (I don't fully remember the details)in order to detect something paranormal.  My father had a separate key of my aunt's apartment for emergency reason ,so we took it and opened the apartment ,set the microphone up and waited...  If a non paranormal sound(cars from outside,our voices etc) took place we did notes so theres not a misunderstanding.Also we were setting the microphone in the bedroom near 3 AM for 1 or 2 hours.  First night we heard nothing.Second night also nothing.Third night same story.But the fourth night we heard something that froze our blood.  I went into the room and said the following question : *What's your name ? I want an answer.* then left and sat with my brother and cousin in the living room .3 hours went by and when we checked the recording 10 minutes after my questions we heard *4* LOUD steps, a weird noise like the lips of someone who's very close to a microphone and then a CLEAR name...*Giota*(Greek name)  We freaked the hell out .We never thought we would catch something like that and we were terrified.After that we never did this again because we were pretty scared and also we read on a site that if you start talking to him you should end it right away cause it ain't no good.  4 months went by and we never told anyone or showed the recording about this incident untill our grandma RANDOMLY said about someone called Giota that used to live in this apartment.When we asked about her she told that this woman died at the age of 26 many years ago...   This incident still haunts me every goddamn night . I really don't believe in ghosts or stories that I read on the internet about them .But even now as a grown man ,I still wonder what happened that day .  Thank you for spending your time reading this incident of mine .The recording is in an old computer but if I find I'll be sharing it with you asap . So I myself am not sure if i believe or disbelieve the paranormal. I kind just open to both..   So I'm lookng for the opinion of people who do believe. Its about what going on with a friend.   My friend recently inherited a very old Victoriqn style home that has been in his family for over a century.  Sidenote: The part of the family he inherited from was estranged. His great grandfather ran off and cut off his family members in a attempt to distance himself from his family dark past.   The dark past involves the house itself.   The house was used by Adam's great great grandfather and mother as a "home" for mentally disturbed and or disabled children.  It basically acted as a place for family to dump there disabled kids kid they don't want to deal with.   Adam great great grandparents would do experiment on the kids both mental and physical believing they could cure the disorder or mental issue the kids had.   They had no training to do this what do ever.   And by experiments I mean they torture these kids. They starve them as punishment. They wouldn't allow them to sleep. Keeping them up for days. They used extreme physical punishment. As well as gave them a alot of unneeded and untested medications. And that just the start.   Mutiple kids die due to this and when this happen they buried the bodies in the backyard.    Once they were finally caught they had killed 5 kids. And had abuse so many more. A few kids that were found well technically alive were described as barley alive..   Adam inherited the house as well as a good amount of money. His originally planned was to use the money to fix up the house and sell it.  Dispite its age the house is in pretty good condition and if you had the money it could easily be fixed up.   The only issue is it is rumor to be haunted by the kids who die there as well as his great great grandfather. Who killed himself in the house before the police could arrested him.   Dipsite this sounded like the opening to a bad horror movie. It didn't bug Adam when he first found out as he wasn't a believer in the paranormal in the slightest in fact he poke fun at our friends who did believe it.   But after he tour the house for the first time.    He suddenly changed his mind and refuse to sell it. He had mutiple big time offers.  He use the money he got to buy a high tech security system. For the house and he refuse to allow anyone inside.   The security system was to keep out the paranormal fans who kept trying to get into the building.   In the past year he has own it he has been getting alot of requests from people who run paranormal investigations youtube channels to do a investigative in the house.   They have afford him a lot of money to let them in. He refuses no matter how much they offer.   But some refuse to take ni for answer and have tried sneak in. They all failed at the house is locked up right.   The other day he fianlly told use the plan for the house.   He is going get it tearing it down.  He using what's left of the money to destroy it. In 2 weeks the house will be gone. And the land donated to the town.   It is all being done legally. He went through all the channel to make sure he didn't step on toes.   Apparently the town themsleve are actually supportive of his decision. As the town council hate this house and the backstory. They believe the house has left a dark mark on there town.   I ask Adam why he was doing this and all he said was.   "It need to be destroyed"   I don't get it. Adam is really struggle financial. He still in school working toward a 9 year degree and still has 3 year left his student loan are piling up and his degree only allows him to work a part time job that pays very little. He really need this money why throw it all away.    He has had offer on this house. Big offer. I don't get why he is just destroying it.   Adam has also been acting weird lately before this he was always such a postive guy like the happiest nicest guy you met. But lately he been rather depressed and easily to anger.   So what your opinion on all this.   Do you think he is wrong for taken the house down.   Why has his personality change so much.  I confused and I need answer. I am worried about him. I’m not quite sure what’s going on in my home but feels potentially paranormal, based off past paranormal experiences I’ve had. But not in a scary way? So for my entire life I have slept with a fan because I am a light sleeper. I also can’t sleep in silence. I use it year round and now that it’s fall, I still turn my fan on high. I just face it towards my door instead of at my bed. About a month or so ago, I woke up and noticed my fan was moved across the room from where I had put it the night before. I was freaked out but brushed it off because my roommate was convincing me I must’ve moved it out of the way of the door the night before and just forgot to put it back. But I was fairly certain I did not. A few days later it happens again. Roommate is trying to convince me that I must be sleep walking.  It just feels off though. I’ve never slept walk in my life. I am well rested. And I usually wake up in the night, check the time and go back to bed. Groggy, but I always remember when I wake up. And I never get up. It started happening again, a few days in a row. I don’t feel scared but it possibly felt mischievous. Like something a little kid would do. In the past I have felt very dark things and this does not feel like that. The fan is being moved so far now, it’s not slight. Like it wants to be noticeable. Also it ends up being turned to face me. As a result I wake up freezing. If I slept walk I feel I would not choose to freeze myself to death and I’m the type of person who would go straight for the fridge. Also if I’m sleep walking why wouldn’t other things be moved? Why wouldn’t I leave the bedroom? Who sleepwalks for three seconds and goes back to sleep? Anyways, most recently it was my birthday this past weekend. My boyfriend was sleeping over and I told him hey let me know if I sleep walk (he doesn’t sleep much so he would probably be awake to notice). But nope, I didn’t (and never have) And the fan didn’t move the entire weekend he was there. So last night he had left my place and I go to sleep alone. I wake up to my fan moved all the way to the opening of my closet.  Any thoughts? Or advice? Because I feel I’m being gaslit by a fan lol everyone thinks I’m crazy and roommate is convinced I’m sleep walking. I’ve even take photos to show how far it’s moved.  Side note, it’s not the roommate doing it. Again, light sleeper and I lock my door sometimes. I would hear if she tried to come in. Also I’ve had my friends sleepover and share the bed with me but it doesn’t happen when they’re over. They also have never witnessed me sleepwalk in all these years.  And my intuition and body is telling me I don’t sleepwalk.   If it is paranormal I would just like to know what it means if anything. Is it just to annoy me? I even considered it like a “hello”. At this point when I wake up and notice it moved I just smile and put it back then go about my morning.I also posted this in r/paranormal.  One night as my girlfriend (now wife) laid in bed, we sensed something next to us. We normally lay on our sides but that night we were laying on our backs, faces towards the ceiling. Our eyes opened up and we turned our heads at the same time to the space next to her side of the bed. Whatever it was took off fast. It went from her side of the bed, right next to my wife, down the side of the bed, up over our feet area and out our closed bedroom door. What was really cool was the vertical window blinds adjacent to the bed where the spirit was swayed as the spirit went by them, kind of like if you ran your fingers on them from right to left. The energy was not only great enough for us to sense exactly where it was, but also great enough to cause physical movement of the vertical blinds. It happened so fast but we followed it with our heads and eyes as it moved out of our room, even though it was invisible, just pure energy.  I think about this occurrence a lot. It’s not the first paranormal experience for me or my close family, but it certainly was the most impactful.  After it exited the room my wife freaked the hell out and started to cry as she grabbed me for comfort. I was startled by what happened, but I never felt in danger or ill will from it. Whatever or whoever it was was just as startled from what I can tell. We haven’t experienced anything like it since. Hi I’m starting a podcast on YouTube and I am looking for any stories that I can talk about. Anyone who wouldn’t mind their story being posted can you send me them? Since I was very young I could see the future. As a dream before it happened or even guess it. I didn’t really pay attention to that until one day when I was about 10-11years old I heard a unfamiliar voice whispering my name. I was sitting on the couch and someone whispered in my ear even though nothing was behind me just the white wall. I panicked but I didn’t tell anyone. From that day till now I have experienced many things that I can’t give an explanation. For example, things moving by their own, the feeling of being watched, once my blanket flew on the air and it seemed like a person was inside it, I could see the shape.. then the blanket fell back to my bed. No one ever believed me, my friends made fun of me every time I tried to explain them we are not alone. I am writing this in case someone relates to me. I’m loosing it byeHi! My name is shy. I'm going to launch a YouTube channel soon (if you still watch YouTube) to post different reddit stories. I'm not saying soon, but maybe sometime in the future, will be animating some of your scary stories. I would really appreciate it if Ya'll could post on this so I can make the video and stuff without asking. I would love to read some of your spooky encounters! And... Happy Halloween!!!My grandparents house is haunted, strange stuff happens all the time that we have all got used to it over the years. I've seen people walking along the hallway, my mums seen legs walk up the stairs and my grandparents have both heard who they thought was me shout from the back of the house telling them I was home (I was about 7 hours away in my own home) and thats just a few of the things that have gone on so its quite an active house to live in. My sister is only 13 so she was doing what most kids her age are doing and was dancing around the kitchen yesterday evening making tiktok videos. The kitchen is down at the back of the house and has door with a window in leading into the utility room, at night the back room is normally dark so the only light would have been from the kitchen. She said she was twirling around when she saw a hand on the utility room side of the window looking like it was about to knock on the glass. Obviously this scared her enough to get my mum to investigate, she found nothing that would cause her to see what she did. Everyone was in the front end of the house watching tv so it wasnt a family member just playing a joke on her. It has happened before to me years ago except it was a full person stood behind the door and it was daylight. Also to make things more interesting her school bag that was on the kitchen side last night was found this morning in the middle of the floor with all of her books in a pile next to it. one night me and my friend were talking about weird core because we were just dorks back then. and she brings up how you can travel there, at first I thought it was a joke so asked her how she replied with at midnight wake up and look all over your house for a tall shadowy figure. And that night I told my mom what I was going to do, then she went I don't think you should do that, and because I was the child I was I asked why, and thats when my whole life changed forever. My mom said my grandma had an encounter with these paranormal beings and that they are real. Since then Iv'e been doing spontaneous research about them. So from when I was born to when I was 7 I lived in this house. From what I know, it wasn’t some weird old house but I’m not sure. My family is very much keen on drinking soda- even when I was younger. I used to drink so much soda that I would forget to drink water, so I’d get super thirsty in the night. I would go downstairs from my room and get water. When I went downstairs I remember this distinct whisper of names over and over again. If it wasn’t a whisper it was super loud wind which I doubt would be inside a house at 12-4 in the morning. I remember one of the names being Michael or something similar too it. My parents always told me it was my imagination which is fair because I was five or seven at the time. However I still remember it which is weird- anyone else experience something similar? Also for skeptics , I have a cousin named Michael so it could’ve been that I guess  (This is my first post and I’m on mobile apologies )In the early morning hours of April 15, 1987, my cousin Darrell Ward and friend Eugene Edwards were at my home in Vermilion, Ohio. We had shut off all the lights and we were going to tell ghost stories. Eugene got scared and said he didn't want to, but we convinced him otherwise and before the first ghost story was to be shared, my cousin asked me to look at the staircase at the far wall, that he was seeing a red laser dot on what looked like the 4th step area on that wall.  Sure enough, I could see it also. Eugene viewed it as well and petrified, demanded that the lights be turned on. Before I turned on the lights, I walked to the red laser dot and couldn't understand how it was there. When I turned the lights on, it disappeared, and Eugene is now running for the front door desperate to leave. My cousin and I grabbed him and calmed him down somewhat, explaining that the red laser dot must have came from some prankster outside one of the windows.  We next shut all the curtains and hung blankets over the curtain rods to make sure absolutely nothing could shine through. We then turned off the lights and sat down to wait and see if the red laser dot would reappear. After about 30 seconds, it did.  We were completely stunned, as it appeared in the same exact place on the wall by that 4th step. We stared at it now, just wondering what in the world was going on. A few seconds later, a 6 foot red laser beam shot out from that very wall, went across the room at a dramatic speed and disappeared at my cousin Darrell's head, who was sitting on a couch at the opposite wall, about 25 feet away.  The next thing we knew, there was something shadowy dark standing on the left of the 25 inch console television screen. For you younger folks, a tube type screen could still emit a very slight light even up to 5 minutes after shutting the TV off. This shadowy figure then runs up the stairs, 2 steps at a time and disappeared into the upstairs bathroom.  Yes, we were scared as hell, but we were also very curious. Kinda stupid, right? Next, we saw the red laser dot reappear, but this time it was floating in the air above the staircase. It would float for awhile and it was almost hypnotic to me. I snapped and said we should call Aunt Annie (Darrell's mom.) She told us 10 years earlier she had seen something like this right before Darrell's grandmother died (Aunt Annie's mother in law.)  Aunt Annie answered the phone and we were all excitedly explaining to her this phenomenon. She didn't act surprised, but couldn't explain it either. The red laser light was still floating. We hung up with Aunt Annie and soon after, different colored laser lights appeared and was floating around just like the red one. They were yellow, blue and green. Amazed, we started talking to these floating laser like dots, asking them where they were from and why they were here. There were no answers. They just kept floating around.  Soon I remember we all grew extremely drowsy and fell asleep while these dots were still in the air. It must have been around 2 AM. At 7 AM the phone rang and woke us. It was Aunt Annie, who called to say that Darrell's grandfather had just passed away. Hi, It's my first time posting, so please consider it even if it's awkward. I have often dreamed of ghosts since I was young. First of all, I do not mistake the person in the dream created by my unconscious mind and the ghost that invaded my dream for the same thing.  I had a ghost dream when I wasn't feeling well or tired. It's a little different from a normal dream, I can't see in front of my eyes. When I experience these intrusions, I have to estimate them only by hearing and touch. But it was the first time I've been dragged.  That day, I couldn't see and something grabbed my arms. I was asleep, so I felt dizzy and tired, so I didn't even care. Something grabbed me and pulled me down. I thought it would be a dream anyway, so I just let it go. (If you dream a lot of this kind of dream, you can realize that it is a dream.)  But something kept dragging me down. I realized for a moment that I shouldn't be dragged away like I was struck by lightning. I started resisting, trying to pull off what caught me. I felt like hands caught me. But I only know from its hands to its arms, and I don't know the whole form of something at all.  It didn't let me go. I was more seriously fed up with fear. I shouted "Let me go" in my dream. But I didn't even listen to it. I shouted it for the second time, but it didn't work. Maybe I was very desperate, but I opened my mouth in reality and shouted "Let me go" in a split voice that wasn't fully awake. Then it let me go.  After this happened, I told my friends that I was almost taken for a joke and didn't care. I wouldn't have posted this if it was over. That creepy hand just touched my shoulder when I was sleeping. Likewise, I couldn't see anything in front of me, and it suddenly touched my shoulder. As soon as it touched, I woke up with goosebumps.  As soon as I woke up, I looked at my right shoulder that it touched. There was a wall on my right. Shit I don't know why this is happening to me. What should I do to protect myself from this? And what the hell is this? Hello, for a background story I was watching Sam and Colby just for fun and I believe I have caught what seems to be a person in the background. This frightened me so I decided to take a screen recording of that part of the video. Now, while I sort of believe in ghosts my opinion might have changed based on this video. Now, I don't have all the evidence in the world to prove that this is a Spirit I would like to see what others think, so comment what you think. I will post the video on the next post. Just as I was awakening, in that foggy state between sleep and consciousness, I heard these words in my head:  Serve the Master, Serve the Master, Serve the Master, Serve the Master. Yes, four times.    I have experienced paranormal activity ever since I could remember. Because of this, I have never really been afraid of it. Actually, I have always been very interested in it.       One of the scariest experiences I have ever had happened over a long period of time. I was around the ages of 3-7. Every night around midnight my grandmother would fly up to my window that was on the third story, she would continuously knock on the window until I would eventually wake up and go over to her, and she would tell me to go to the woods.        Keep in mind my house was surrounded by thick woods all the way around. These woods always gave off a really sickening vibe. Side story but my parents would always send me out to play in the backyard by myself. I had such a bad feeling about the woods that I would always sneak back inside because I didn’t feel safe outside alone. One time my parents locked all the doors to get into the house because I kept sneaking inside after they sent me out. I stood in between the door and the frame of the door crying and begging them to let me in. I was a very adventurous kid, and I would do anything to explore, and I wasn’t afraid of being alone outside at anybody else’s house.         Anyways, She would often put some kind of odd explanation behind it, like “I am going to take you shopping if you get in my car, follow me to the woods!” somehow I knew it wasn't her, she just didn't give off the same energy as she normally did…However, I would still wake my parents up and ask them if I could go into the woods with my grandmother.       I know it wasn't a reoccurring dream because it would happen to not only my little sister, but my mother as well. It got to a point where my parents had to board up my window. So I wouldn’t eventually jump out of my window and die.       My “grandmother” wasn't the only thing that this creature would take the form of. Around the time that my parents boarded up my window, there a little girl with beautiful blue eyes, and wavy blonde hair, she would always skip into my room with her pink Victorian dress and white tights that appeared to glow, she would also tell me to go into the woods. Once again having a weird explanation behind it. The one I remember the clearest was “my nana has some toys for you to play with. But, she will only give them to you if you go into the woods.”       These experiences stopped as soon as I moved out of that house. Recently I heard about a creature known as a skin-walker It sounds very similar to this. however, I’m pretty sure a skin-walker  can only change into animals… so it’s still unclear. I still wonder what would have happened to me if I had I gone out into the woods. so i moved into my new apartment in early march and everything's going well but sometimes some creepy unexplainable things happen. the first thing was when my sister left her ihome there, i'm not sure about other models but her specifically needs to b plugged in and that morning it was going off, i got out of bed to turn it off when i realized it wasn't even plugged in, the numbers weren't showing or anything, i took it back to her right after that. there's also doors slamming, at first my roommate would swear it only happened when we close other doors but i showed him that none of the doors cause that, we went around trying all the different combos of doors and there was nothing.sometimes while i'm alone i will hear an iphone text tone, walking around, and some whispering, my dog freaks out at some of the noises and other times doesn't even notice them. and the most recent thing is the appliances turning on/off, i was hand washing my dishes (i always hand wash them because i'm really weird about how clean my dishes get; i haven't turned my dishwasher on once) and all of a sudden i feel a pool of water around my feet and the dishwasher is on and leaking water everywhere, i turned it off and noticed it was also really hot so i went to turn the ac down a little and it was off and at 78° (i usually keep it at 72°-75°), i called maintenance for the dishwasher and it was absolutely foul smelling water, my garbage disposal was all clean too so i'm not sure if backup was an issue but it's always a possibility, but basically that's all the stuff that's happened inside of my apartment, i have a lot more stories that've happened outside and in my past but yeah that's my ghost story(ies) i guess    When I was around the ages of 12-13, I would often be left home alone after school. My parents and my younger sisters normally didn’t arrive home for about a hour and a half. I normally didn’t mind being alone at all!  I could eat whatever I wanted, watch TV at a loud volume without being yelled at, and yell about how shitty my day was to my friends on FaceTime without being interrupted.        On that particular day I walked in the door, and dropped my bags. All I wanted to do was eat a fresh bowl of“Mac n cheese” and cry. I was exhausted. So I got to doing just that.         As soon as I began to boil the water I heard the unmistakable sound of somebody wearing big heavy snow boots walking around downstairs. I knew it couldn’t have been anybody in my family because my father (who was always the first one home besides me) wouldn’t be home for another hour. Even if he had gotten home early he would have messaged me, and I would have clearly heard the garage door open.       To stop myself from panicking I told myself that the washing machine was most likely uneven and I should go and check on it. I turned the stove off, and just in case somebody was breaking in I grabbed a giant kitchen knife and went down stairs. the washing machine, or the drier wasn’t even running. My brain basically froze… I stood in front of the stairway for a good minute trying to figure out what I had heard, trying to put some kind of calming explanation behind it. When all of a sudden the room went freezing cold, and I felt somebody standing behind me. When whoever this was breathed down my neck it was over. I full on sprinted up the stairs not only hearing footsteps behind me but also hearing heavy breathing. When I got to the top of the stairs I remembered I was holding a knife. I spun around to teach this motherfucker no to go into peoples houses, And when I did nobody was there.      I assumed that the intruder had retreated downstairs so I locked myself in the bathroom, and messaged my dad. He told me to stay put and to not make any loud sounds. When I asked him if I should call 911 he said no.      There I sat, In the bathroom. Trying not to cry, because my worst nightmare had finally came true. When all of a sudden I heard the sound of the heavy boots again. But this time they where walking up the stairs. I quickly messaged my dad to see if he was home and he said no. I felt my stomach drop as the footsteps came closer and closer, until they where right at the door. I covered my mouth with my hand, but that still didn’t cover the sound of my heavy breathing, due to sheer panic. I could see the shadow of this person’s feet in the crack underneath the door. I could hear him breathing on the door. I stood there, silencing my cries, tears rushing down my face. I was horrified. All of a sudden I heard my dad‘s garage door open. A Rush of relief filled my body. I heard the intruder run into my parents room.   My dad checked the entire house. There was nothing, no broken windows, all the door where locked, And of course there was no intruder. The only thing that was wrong. What’s the basement, It was trashed. When my mother had cleaned it that day. My dad joked about how it was just my imagination. He said that I was just paranoid. to this day, I still can’t explain it. I know what I heard. I know what I felt. Posted this before but got removed for formatting. About two nights ago i was with my girlfriend and her sister in their backyard smoking a few joints in my car. We smoke often so a few justs is really nothing. Around 8 pm her sister went inside. we live in new york, the bronx to be exact so the sun has been setting around 7pm and completely dark by 8pm. So now it was just me and my girl chillin im rolling up and we talking getting rowdy and then laughing nothing out of the ordinary.   In her back yard theres parking for about 4 cars but they were all out and on the i was parked closest to her neighbors fence on the right facing the road so i can see all the way down the driveway and directly behind me is mesh fence that you can clearly see through. Throught that fence is a church. Over on my right in her neighbors yard is a garden that you can see in. Im saying all this to let you know i had a great view of her entire yard from the front to the back and the sides so i couldve seen anyone or anything coming easily.   Well while we are talking out of nowhere we both hear a whistle.. about two seconds long,loud and clear. Immediately freaked us both out so much so she ended up from the passenger seat onto my lap but i was able to keep my composure and calm her down and get her to go back in her seat. This took about 3 mins and we were talking about it trying to find a logical explanation for what just happened. While we were doing this and basically calling anything paranormal not real and dismissing it as a cat or squirrel or even my car it happend again directly in my girlfriend’s ear loud and clear i even heard it coming from her ear area.   It was as if it was ensuring us it can hear Whistling out of nowhere us and disagrees. My radio was of ac on low as it was a little chilly and windows closed tight but it was as if the whistle was right next to her in the car. We stayed for another 20 mins and decided she was too uncomfortable to stay there. She says weird things always happen inher house i never really take it seriously and i let her know that i dont believe in stuff like that. This time though i experienced it and i looked and tried to think of everything to explain it but i cant which brings me here. Anyone know what this could mean or be. Im more scientific than religious so i just want a explanation but this is a tough one.  My girlfriends, her sister and brother did put me on to somethings they have experienced growing up in their house and i found it really interesting. 1. ﻿﻿﻿When they were little they used to play hide and seek and my girlfriend (22) would go hide in her sisters closet. Sometimes when she would go in there she would see a pale little girl hiding with her but she didnt get any bad vibes so she never bothered with her. I questioned this like i question everything and she said she was probably just to young to think much of it. 2. ﻿﻿﻿When they were kids my girlfriends brother said he once seen a little girl running down their hallway but thought it was one of his sisters friend but when he couldnt find her at the end of the hall he asked his sister and they both confirmed they didnt have anyone over. 3. ﻿﻿﻿About a month ago around 11pm my girlfriend was sitting in her living room and heard someone in the kitchen taking out stuff to make tea but when she went to go see who it was the stuff was just left on the stove as if someone left in a hurry. In the morning she asked everyone and GUESS WHAT?! Nobody was making tea. 4. ﻿﻿﻿A few years ago her moms brother committed suicide and they didnt find out until a few months after because of some family issues they were very close to him but his wife had some personal issues idk the full details. At one point he used to live there with them and when my girl's parents got divorced he took care of them like he was their own. 5. ﻿﻿﻿Before they bought the house when she was 2 a doctor lived there and the doctor had a daughter that was fine at one point and after a accident she became paralyzed. You can see this throughout with the door frames being bigger to accommodate a wheel chair and a ramp outside.The girl ended up dying in the house some years after her injury. Hello Everyone,  In the past I was quite the skeptic when it came to the paranormal. I wasn't one of those jerk skeptics, who would tell people to grow up or ridicule them. I enjoyed listening to ghost stories, some I thought were more believable than others. For instance, I found the ones where people saw, heard, and felt things more believable than stories in which people were badly hurt, killed, or property damage was done.  Still, as I enjoy the stories I always took them with a grain of salt. Though as I have had more strange experiences I took ghost stories more seriously than before, well not the super crazy ones. This will be a post on the list of experiences I had which lead to me being a believer.  The very first strange thing that I have ever experienced was when I was about 6 years old. I was at my babysitters house and one day I was walking down a hall and the door to the restroom was wide open. I looked inside and everything was fine, I went back to walking and then heard a noise. When I went back to the restroom I saw a drawer had opened so I ran back to the living room.  When I was 11 years old I had this constant feeling that there was someone in the apartment my family and I lived in. During the morning and afternoon I would be distracted with school work, family, friends, TV, etc. Though once night came, the distractions and noise dwindle, you are able to focus and notice things more. Whenever my family was home or I was alone, I always felt like there was this person in a white robe roaming the halls at night. One day, I was alone and the feeling got so bad I stayed outside on a cold November night for two hours until my family came back home. I don't know if it was my eyes playing tricks on me, but from the porch I was able to see into the window, I saw the curtains moving as if someone walked past them.  What is even more strange is that I got that feeling once more but instead of feeling as if it was someone in a robe, it felt like there was a man lurking around. It happened earlier this year, my grandpa had passed away and my family to Mexico for the funeral. I had to stay home due to being in college, I was all alone and in those two weeks they were away, I was paranoid. I would stay awake all night in the living room with all the lights on in the room. I constantly had this feeling that there was a man wandering from room to room, and I would think I heard doors creak open or close. In the morning when the noise of people filled the air, I would check the rooms and find nothing amiss.  Now this story is the reason I went from skeptic to believer. The rest I had thought was due to me being paranoid either because I was a kid or due to losing someone close. This one though, I had no explanation for. In 2020 I took a year off due to an error with my transfer to a school, I decided to work and got a chill job as a janitor. I enjoyed my time there, I had to clean four clinics with a three person crew, and each clinic was 30-40 minutes apart. The only problem was that the people I worked with at the time were not reliable. Two times I had to clean all four clinics on my own because multiple people did not show up for work.  My first strange experience in this job happened at clinic C, it was placed near a creepy alley and in a small town where the activity dies at night. While cleaning I constantly heard a dripping noise. I went to the sink I thought was making the noise and looked under it looking for a leak, nothing. I stayed a while to try and pin point where the sound was coming from, again nothing. I shrugged and went back to cleaning, and then when I left the room where the noise was coming from, it started again.  My final experience happened on a Thursday, a day before my last day there. It was at the biggest clinic, D, it had both clinical and dental services. There were a lot of stories on how the nurses would hear things. They said they could hear a lady scream, and one day I closed a door to a restroom and realized it made a loud shriek whenever you closed it. So I assumed that was the noise they kept hearing. Another day they said they would hear a loud clatter, one day there was a sliver tray for the doctor to put his tools on. One of the legs holding up the tray was flimsy and it would constantly fall, so I assumed that was the noise they heard.  As me and my coworkers were finishing up, one of them and I were waiting for the final coworker to finish mopping. We were in the large lobby it connected to the dental lobby as well, there's a glass door in the lobby that lets you see directly down a vertical hall to a horizontal hall that leads to patient rooms, a lab, and to the dental area. The floor was wet and most of the lights were off, my coworker asked me something and I looked at her and responded. Then I looked back at the hall and I seen a pair legs walk around past a wall, towards the lab or door to enter the dental area. I called for the mopping coworker, we all know not to walk on the wet floor but she may have forgotten and walked on it. Though she answered from behind me, she was finishing up mopping the entrance to the lobby. I then went out to the left of the lobby, down a dry hall which connected to the horizontal hall I saw the legs walking in. I looked down the hall and saw no footprints on the floor. The legs had sneakers like the nursers wear and black scrubs like they wear as well. I told my coworkers and they both said they heard nothing and saw nobody else in the large building.  I told my mom when I got home about what happened and she gave me her input. She said that since a lot of people go to the clinic, one of them may be carrying a spirit, good or bad. That spirit may have gotten attached to the place and stayed behind. She could see I was shook by this experience and tried to cheer me up ,it worked and I acted like I wasn't affected by it. But I was, and to this day I know what I saw. It was more than likely the one making the noises the nurses heard and it was real, I know it was. I am 16 years old and I have lived in the same neighborhood since I was around 6 or 7  it is a nice place, there isn't really problem with the neighbors and we all get along but where we live there is like 5 house three in a row and two across and behind the ones across it's and abandon place, there is two small buildings they both seem to be burned down and they have been like that even before we moved here... no one really lives there. There is like a wood fence ( I don't know what it's called) and it has holes on the bottom and for some reason no dog likes to cross over to the other side... and if they do, at night you can hear them barking as if asking for help and if they come back they most of the time aren't the same. Well when I was around 10 my moms friend lived on one of the houses that where across and she had kids around our age( my siblings and I) and we got along very well, one night we where on a trampoline it was my younger brother ( 8 at that time) My younger sister (6 at that time) one of my moms friend's  daughter(9 at the time) and I we where alone since out parents had gone out to a bar and had left us with my older sister and oldest daughter of my mom's friend they where both the same age (16) well we where tossing around a ball when one of us threw it too hard and it went to the other side, and since it was dark none of us dared to go get, but as kids we where like Oh i bet you won't ask "if there is anyone can we have the ball back" and eventually one of us did after a while of waiting we decided to just go inside when we where all at the staircase we hear a noise but the front light wasn't very bright and we didn't see anything until it got close to us we saw the ball... YES!! that same one that went to the other side, we had no idea of why at to do so we ran inside and decided not to tell anyone thinking they would make fun of us, well as the year went by non of us told anyone until I was around 12 and my cousin had moved in to one of the houses, ( my moms friend had moved ) we told our cousin and some of my brothers friends about that place and how we sometimes would see a shadow running around even though no one dared to go in there. Well at that time we also had new neighbors who had a kid around my age and became our friend. Their house was right in front of a big opening to the other side so one day we planned to go to the other side ... keep in mind it was our first time in there so had no idea on what to expect well at that time it was my cousin, My brother, My Brother's friends, my brother's friend's brother and  Our neighbor friend. My cousin and I where the only girls the rest where guys so they decided to go in first there was this building that was made out of cement bricks that was half destroyed and in pieces and the other half just seemed very old, there so many toys some in bags and some just there, behind it it was just empty, old grass and nothing else but what seemed to be toilet paper all over the dead plants. In front there was a small room also made of cement but this one had windows and was yellow, it was more of a small house with two rooms. one of the windows was broken but there was three, the other two where untouched. Everyone except me decided to go and explore deep inside the places and the houses, I decided to stay near the entrance to our neighborhood I was just walking around trying not to go in far, when  I suddenly notice something on the floor and I reach out to it, I was surprised by what it was, it was a picture of what seemed like a family there was a very pretty lady a little girl and a man , and in the background you could see this exact same place just not destroyed, the picture seemed very old and it was all folded with marks, I called over the guys and my cousin, and when they came I showed them the picture, we just stared at it for a while when we realized that in the back of the lady there was a figure like a man or a shadow and for some reason when I saw it I dropped the picture and till this day I don't remember very well but for some reason something tells me that I had dropped it because I felt it burn and something tells me that if that is true it may be because that was how the place got destroyed, as if I had been there but I'm not too sure but going back ... when I dropped the photo we heard a noise as of a glass had been shattered and of course there was only one place that had glass which was the yellow house, my brother and friend ran to it and screamed, our reaction was to go and check on them, when we got there we ran we ran without looking back we went to my house. Turns out that when we got there one of the two windows was broken and on the floor there was something written "GET OUT OF HERE" and it was written with what seemed blood. After that time we never dared to go back in, but even to this day we still see and hear things, like one time when it was dark my older brother and I where outside waiting for his girlfriend, there was no one home but us the rest where over at my aunts house, and suddenly we heard a scream so similar to my younger brother's voice coming from that place but at that time he was in Mexico ... Truth is ever since we decided to go in to that place, things felt very different now four years later I still wonder about this picture. and I know my story sound so unreal, sometimes when we talk about it , even we can't believe it .... but we where thereMy sister and I host a true crime podcast and every year for our Halloween episode we like to mix it up and do a spooky episode. This year we’re hoping to get a few true account ghost stories that we can read to each other and live react to. Please let me know if you have a story I can share and try to creep my sister out with!Hi everyone! I want to share one of my most hilarious and unexplained experiences with you all. And hopefully, hear from some people who have experienced similar things!  Almost 10 years ago, I was a college student in New Orleans. My roommate and I rented a small house Uptown. We had lived with each other since freshman year, and were so excited to finally move off-campus and rent our own place for our junior year.  The house was one long rectangle, with the front door in the center, my roommate's bedroom down a hallway to the left, and my bedroom down a hallway to the right. We had one bathroom, and it was next to my bedroom. I slept with my bedroom door open, and my roommate slept with her bedroom door closed. She went to bed at a responsible hour each night, and I was a night owl.  As school began and we settled into our routine, I began to hear my roommate engage in a bizarre nightly ritual: nearly every night, after she'd gone to bed, I would hear her footsteps down the hallway. I could hear her walk into the bathroom, leave the door open, stay in there for a minute or two, NOT flush, then walk all the way back to her room.  This always happened when either all the lights were off, or I had my door closed while I worked on homework, so I never saw her. I assumed that she was tiptoeing to the bathroom at night, using the toilet as quietly as she could, and waiting until the morning to flush so she wouldn't wake me up. She always woke up before me, so I figured, she must be... flushing... before she goes to class...? And I must... sleep through it? Sure!  For months, I regularly heard my roommate sneak into the bathroom. I never brought it up, (hey, it didn't bother me!) until one night when she had a friend over. The three of us ate dinner in the kitchen, which was in the center of the house between the two hallways. We were laughing and chatting about all the strange things roommates do that they don't bring up with each other. My roommate teased me for not soaking my dishes in the sink (I never knew!) and I got her back by saying, "Ok, but are we gonna talk about how you get up to use the bathroom EVERY night, and you DON'T flush?!"  My roommate looked at me like I was crazy. "WHAT are you talking about?!" she laughed.  I revealed her strange ritual in more detail. She wasn't getting out of this one!  My roommate was silent. She looked me dead in the eyes, said my name, then said, "I have NEVER gotten up to use the bathroom in the middle of the night."  We all looked at each other. I tried to laugh again. "So, do you sleepwalk?" I asked, mostly joking, because we'd lived with each other for over two years and no, she doesn't sleepwalk.  Then, I asked the obvious question: "Then WHO'S been using the bathroom every night?"  We named it the Bathroom Ghost. Even though the concept was pretty funny, we all felt genuinely weirded out for the rest of the evening. My roommate said she hadn't once heard any footsteps. Going to bed that night was hilariously terrifying, because when I did hear the footsteps that night, I KNEW it wasn't my roommate. From then on, I slept with my bedroom door closed!  As the weeks went by, we assimilated Bathroom Ghost into our lives. We joked about them, and I told all our friends. Mostly because my roommate demanded to be exonerated after I had been telling everyone that she uses the bathroom in the middle of the night without flushing.  \-- Chapter 2 -- (lol)  A month or so later, one late afternoon, I came home after class and flopped straight onto my bed. I had about 20 minutes before I needed to head out again, and just wanted to rest my eyes for a few. A couple minutes later, I heard my roommate walk down the hallway towards my room. I was totally pooped, so I kept my eyes closed, pretending to be asleep. (I'm sorry, roommate!) I could hear my roommate lean against my open doorway, and she stood there and stared at me for a few seconds. You know that very familiar human feeling of knowing someone close by is looking at you? It was that feeling. I kept my eyes closed, and after a few more seconds, I heard and felt my roommate turn around and walk back down the hallway towards her bedroom.  I lay there for about 15 minutes, awake. When I got back up, I walked to my roommate's bedroom to see what she wanted to talk to me about.  You can see where this is going. There was no one home.  I immediately called my roommate and demanded to know where she was.  "Um... I'm at work," she told me, very confused.  And, of course, she said she'd been there for hours!  \--- Chapter 3 ---  Things are getting weirder as the school year goes on. Bathroom Ghost still walks to the bathroom. The new joke is that Bathroom Ghost has a crush on me. My roommate continues to hear nothing. My childhood musical jewelry box with the little dancing ballerina on top starts twirling and playing the mechanical song in the middle of the night. THIS IS SO CLICHE I WOULDN'T MAKE THIS UP EVEN IF I WANTED TO, LOL.  I know this next part doesn't really count toward the official experience, but 1) I think it's funny and 2) it felt absolutely, 100% real to me, so maybe there's something to be said for that.  I start having dreams about Bathroom Ghost. I have an incredibly vivid, lucid dream that I am staring down the hallway at night, but the lights are on. I hear the footsteps, and this time, I'm brave enough to look at Bathroom Ghost. What I see absolutely defies reality: they are simultaneously invisible and morphing into many different forms at once, kind of like that crazy, trippy scene from A Scanner Darkly. I specifically remember for a split-second, it was a giant swan.  Now we get to the spooning.  It's late winter. My bedroom door is closed, the lights are off all through the house, and I'm lying in bed, waiting to fall asleep. (I SWEAR I was awake for this, but because I was waiting to fall asleep, I technically can't discount lucid dreaming or sleep paralysis. I should note that I hardly ever lucid dream or experience sleep paralysis, and all of these Bathroom Ghost dreams started coming on suddenly. Anyway.) I'm lying in bed on my side, facing the wall, and as usual I hear Bathroom Ghost's footsteps down the hall. Only this time, Bathroom Ghost doesn't stop at the bathroom. I hear - and feel - Bathroom Ghost walk through my door and into my bedroom. This is absolutely terrifying. I shut my eyes tight and I don't move. (At no point did I feel like I couldn't move or was paralyzed. I chose not to, like a squirrel freezing to avoid a predator!)  I feel Bathroom Ghost put their knee on my bed, compressing the mattress downward. My back is facing Bathroom Ghost. Inexplicably, I know that if I open my eyes, I wouldn't see them anyway. I know they are invisible. (I have absolutely no idea where I got this idea or why I was so sure of it!)  Bathroom Ghost climbs into bed with me. They wrap their arm around my side. I am little spoon.  I am so absolutely freaked out that I don't move a muscle. I just lie there, eyes shut, for what feels like forever. I lie there so long, eventually, I fall asleep. (How I could have fallen asleep while cuddling with a ghost is beyond me, and is the only part of this memory that makes me feel like I could have dreamt it.)  Of course, I tell everyone and their mother about this the next morning. Bathroom Ghost's crush on me is confirmed, and the guy I'm seeing says he's worried about the competition.  \--- Chapter 4 ---  Our story ends here. Bathroom Ghost continues to use the bathroom, but I am never spooned again and don't have any more crazy vivid dreams. When my mom helps me move out of the house after the school year ends, she thanks Bathroom Ghost for watching over me. I tell Bathroom Ghost that I'm flattered, but I'm moving down the street next year, and I don't think it'll work between us.  \--- Epilogue ---  My feelings about Bathroom Ghost:  I did always feel like Bathroom Ghost was nice. I never could tell if it felt masculine or feminine, but I certainly felt like it was tied to the house. Almost stuck in a kind of loop. I think Bathroom Ghost was happy that we were living there after the last renters, some frat dudes, had trashed the place. I also felt like they were lonely, and caring.  My concrete evidence:  The nightly footsteps down the hall, and the time Bathroom Ghost leaned in my doorway and stared at me, happened when I was 100% awake. I'll stand by that till the day I die!  My friends' explanations:  Everyone was so thoroughly convinced of Bathroom Ghost's existence by the end of the year that I didn't have to defend my story to anyone! New Orleans has NO shortage of weirdness and I was hardly the only student with a ghost story, lol.  My stance on the paranormal:  I'm an explainer by nature and love finding rational answers. I think paranormal experiences are just physics acting in ways science can't explain yet. I think people who strongly feel like they've experienced something inexplicable should be listened to. I think science is doing a huge disservice to itself by not collecting qualitative data on people's paranormal stories and looking for patterns.  THANKS FOR READING!  If you, or someone you know has been spooned by a ghost, please join my "I've Been Spooned by a Ghost" support group. There was this one time, several years ago, my identical twin and I were about 11 or 12, and we had one of our first real creepy experiences together. I didn’t think much of it until today when we both talked about it because it was just so creepy to us.   We are almost 21 years old today.   So my twin and I were born and raised in a house built in the mid 1800’s and we actually still live there now. It used to be a mini hospital, and our garage actually used to be an old school house in the early 1900’s. It even still has the furnace in the classroom and teachers office and living area. Usually you would think a house built that long ago and with its history, it would be haunted.   But honestly we never really got that vibe from it. It felt constantly creepy, but nothing obviously paranormal happened until then. I think as kids, we wanted to think the house was haunted because it just felt like it should be. It has an upstairs, an extremely creepy unfinished basement with a root cellar, TONS of little cubbies and little doors leading to coraline-like crawlspaces. But despite that, it actually wasn’t too bad. We just loved to creep ourselves out.   Anyways, we were in the dining room, and if you can imagine it, right off of the dining room was the kitchen, and from the dining room into the kitchen, you can see the laundry room door  in the kitchen. And the laundry room door also led to the basement.   The door from the dining room into the kitchen was open, but the laundry room door was closed and we could see that from where we were sitting at the dining room table.   And at that moment we were drawing and doing homework and our parents weren’t home. I remember “human” by Christina Perri was playing  ( I still can’t listen to it to this day haha) from the living room tv. We hadn’t know until we talked about it just recently, but we had both been just kind of looking at the door a lot. We felt like we couldn’t keep our eyes off of it for too long. And this was strange because we’ve never really been scared of that door during the day (and this was during the day) and especially when it was closed, because then it wasn’t creepy. We were only scared of it at night.   But we had both been eyeballing the door but hadn’t said anything to each other or noticed the other one doing the same.  And I remember thinking “wouldn’t it be creepy if I looked up and the door was open?”   And I looked up, and the door was OPEN. That particular door makes a lot of noise when it opens too, and we heard absolutely nothing. But it was WIDE open.   My twin had also apparently looked up from his drawing and saw it too. We both didn’t even say anything or look at each other, didn’t skip a single beat and ran outside. I remember feeling this horrible terrifying feeling for the first time, like a tingling in my scalp and heart, all throughout my arms. It felt even scarier that it wasn’t just me, my twin saw it too. I was scared shitless. And we didn’t stop running until we were a little  ways down the road away from the house. We even left the front door open.   And what happened may seem kind of silly to someone else, but my twin and I have always had this really strange connection. We don’t have to even speak to each other and we just know what the other one is thinking and feeling. And that moment really felt significant because who gets scared of an opened door? I almost feel like it was some kind of sixth sense or it might just be that we both felt the same thing, whatever it was. And it seemed like every significantly creepy experience we had in that house was when we were both together.  I might add, no one opened the door, no one came home, and there was no wind. It wasn’t really possible in a house with no steady moving air.   I don’t know, I felt like this story was worth telling and maybe someone has a similar story or something to say about it. Hey everyone! Every year we like to do something a little different for our Podcast Halloween episode, and this year we’re looking for any spooky/paranormal/ghost stories that we can read to each other and live react to. Let me know if you have a story I can share and try to creep my sister out with!My dads house was built in 1929, because of this it has many walls and rooms and dark hallways and an intensely creepy stairwell to the basement.  The basement itself mostly gets good daylight from outside as there’s a window in each room though.  To start: all my life growing up I had heard from my siblings that the house was haunted, and my dad liked to tease that in the storage rooms connected to the stairwell there was an old woman that lived in them.  The stairwell to the basement has pale blue, cold concrete stairs, and a sharp corner that takes you from natural light to darkness as you make your way down.  In between the levels of the house there are two storage rooms directly across from each other with narrow short doors that are connected by the stairs.  They are pitch black and the doors don’t close.  The wood beams of the house and the rock is completely exposed, and the floor is uneven.  My oldest brother had once brought a ouija board into the house, and as soon as he did the kitchen cabinets started opening and slamming on their own.  I have heard once you accept a ouija board from someone you have to give it away to someone else if you want the spirits to leave.   I’m not sure whatever happened to the ouija board, but I know that all my life I never felt alone in that house.  I had never heard anything at first, just always felt like I was being watched.  I also would see strange reflections move across turned off TV screens when I was home alone.  When I got married my dad offered up the basement apartment to me and my husband.  It had just been remodeled and it was perfect for us just starting out.  Before the remodel my dad had used it for his fish tanks, storage, and just being by himself.  My husband and I’s first night in the basement things felt very off.  A heavy atmosphere filled the basement.  It was not a friendly presence.  It was angry, or malicious.  I asked my husband if he could bless the house, and he did so.  Immediately after the prayer the atmosphere was lifted.  But I still felt this strange energy, like whatever it was, was still trying to come in.  Like if we opened the door it would be back.  Fast forward 4-5 months and I am pregnant.  I often forgot to take my prenatal until late so we would be in bed with all the lights off when I’d go back into the kitchen to take it.  On this particular night I was in the kitchen, which was adjacent to the tiny living room with a window front door to a tight stairwell.  I could see into the stairwell where I stood.  There was a completely dark silhouette standing in the stairwell, looking right into my front door.  In that moment I felt that evil suffocating presence.  I felt like it wanted to hurt me and my unborn baby.  I reached down to my phone which had been on the table and shined my flashlight at the door, I didn’t see anything.  I wondered if it was just my eyes playing tricks on me, so I turned off my flashlight and focused my eyes on the door again to see if it would still look like someone was standing there.  The silhouette was gone.  I returned to bed too scared to speak.  Shortly after this incident, I was still pregnant, I was waiting for my husband to get home.  The evening light cut through my windows in its familiar orangey yellow hue.  I was in my bedroom right next to the door, and that bedroom window was right by the stairwell.  You could always hear when someone was coming downstairs, and with the intense light shining up against the closed blinds, you’d see their legs walking down into the stairwell to the front door.  As I sat waiting (doing my makeup in front of the floor mirror, I’m not just a weirdo who sits on the floor waiting doing nothing lol) I saw the familiar shadow of someone coming downstairs, and heard heavy footsteps.  I thought it was my husband.  I peeked my head out the bedroom door which allowed me to see the windowed front door about 10 feet away.  Nobody was there in the stairwell.  I jumped to my feet and ran to the door and swung it open, convinced my husband had ducked down beneath the glass to prank me.  Nobody was there.  I went outside and started looking around desperately, running up the stairs to verify that nobody was pranking me.  Nobody would’ve had enough time to climb the six foot wall of the stairwell without me seeing and get out of my view.  From when I saw the steps coming down and when I was at the top of the stairs it was about 30 seconds.  My husband pulled into the driveway to see me standing at the top of the stairs confused.  I even asked him if he’d seen someone running away from the house and he said no.  After those two incidents I asked my husband to bless the stairwell down to the house, and I never saw anything there again.  The last incident is in the stairwell of the house.  I would often hear strange knocks on the walls that seemed to follow me as I went upstairs to do laundry, I chalked it up to a lifetime of being creeped out by those stairs and that the plaster walls and concrete stairs were creating noise from my noise.  One day I was in the kitchen cooking dinner and my brother was over.  We had a very nosy step mother, and she would knock on the door from the basement that connected to the inside stairwell and then just come in.  Because of her I put a bell on the door that would jingle from even a gentle knock.  So I heard a knock and the bell.  My brother and I paused our talking since we both heard it. I yelled come in twice but nobody came in, so I went to the door and opened it.  Nobody was there.   I asked my husband to bless that stairwell too after that.  It was the only thing that stopped the activity.  I don’t live there anymore, but my brother lives in that basement now and I like to tell him my experiences and give him the creeps! 😆 This is a short story, but a real one.   I was like 13 and I was sleeping in the living room one night because I felt sick and it was closer to the bathroom. Well I had fallen asleep, and I got woken up here and there by the sound of someone in the kitchen clanging dishes and running water and it sounded like they were washing them or maybe trying to make something to eat.   Well I had two older sisters who were known to make five course meals throughout the night so this didn’t phase me, I was actually comforted bc I was scared of being alone at night and I really liked my sisters.   I had fully woken up and the clanging continued, and I called into the kitchen “hey Ali” and as soon as I said it, the clanging stopped immediately.   I waited for a response, and no one answered. I immediately was kind of confused and a little disturbed. It wasn’t too scary yet because I knew what I heard and it wasn’t creepy.   So I just got up and walked to the kitchen, and I walked in and saw no dishes moved out of place and no one was there.   I slept with my sister upstairs that night after that Hi I'm going to resume the story so far. I will explain somehow the distribution of my house. Two floors, the second one is only rooms. 3 rooms. When you go upstairs and the ending right is room C, the second door by the right is room B, and room A in the left.   Okey if you sleep in room A you can see the stairs and the door of room C. One day my mom saw a men figure that looked at her and then went downstairs. She couldn't say anything at the moment but then she taught it was a boy that my sis or I sneaked. She goes to our rooms. I was in room B and my sis was in room C but we were sleeping. Later one day I was alone in the house, we had a dog, and he started barking at room C so I go there and see nothing. It was in daylight.   Then by this time because this thing does not have a pattern. My brother moved to room C which was empty since my sis moved out. He moved there with his wife and baby for a few months. One day they were chatting in the living room downstairs and listened to the monitor of the baby (just sound no image) that one of the toys turned on. The kind of toys that you move and lights and sounds turn on. So they go upstairs and see that the baby is still sleeping and the toy is not even near the baby.   Also, I need to clarify that a lot of people (I have 2 brothers and 1 sister) have been living there for a few weeks or months with their partners and kids. Is not a big house but we have a lot of space.  Till this moment I haven't really seen the thing. One day I was in the TV room, If you sit there you can see the beginning of the stairs and part of the kitchen. Is a house very open and with everything connected with no doors so the first floor is a big thing with few separations. Okey, so I was there watching tv and then I see someone coming down the stairs and going into the kitchen. I waited to see the lights of the kitchen turned on or see someone crossing the kitchen. But no one was there. This is the first time I saw it with my own eyes.   At this time I had this boyfriend coming over. He was helping me cook something and I was in the tv room choosing something to watch and He says "I saw you!" and I was like not in the kitchen so I go there and I asked what he was talking about. So he explained to me that he saw someone walking behind him exactly in the path that I saw this thing walking. Is the same every time. End of the stairs walks down and then to the kitchen.   Later a cousin of my sister-in-law was visiting the city so she came over, and REFUSED to sleep in the house because she stated that there was something there.   These stories took place from 2005-2015.   But again in 2020-2021 when covid was in the strongest phase. My dad got sick, and by this time at the house, only my parents, myself, and my daughter lived there. Since he was really sick attached to oxygen. My mom and he slept in the tv room. One night both of them saw this thing, this figure walking the same path I saw before.  This ghost, spirit, thing, has never hurt us. But it doesn't have a pattern. But it looks like the Hatman, and is shadow-like. Ill make my encounter quick & humors. The other day my friend told me "Hey something weird happen here, can you come and stay the day? alone? while I'm at work far away?" I said yes I have nothing better to do, So I packed my bag and off I went. All morning passed nothing so far, I worked out a bit so showered next. Im in the shower & the bedroom door opens and slams shut twice. I know it was closed because I made sure of it myself as I sat in the living room earlier waiting. I said "Hey sis your back early give me a second and ill be out." No response I changed and walked out, nothing but to find the bedroom door open. I said out loud "ohh hey satan you've come to play? little slammed doors wont scare me away" Ill use a simple technique :? turn off the lights, close the curtains, light a candle and say "come out and play?" :) I went around the house saying things like "u like the dark I'm in ur cave" "ohhh show yourself and blow me away"...funny thing I arrived at the bathroom inside I stared to choke away... my GOD little satan, very cruel jokes. it seems he wants to play bend me over or put me on my knees? maybe he wants me dead as I laughed and touched my throat with my left hand with my right shaking I reached in my pocket for Holy Water and I also sprayed away"...he let go and ran away...now time to cook and make a meal I feel so much energy to rid this house of bad ju ju sh!t...hmm this home is now mine so satan shu shu away. (when performing a cleaning of a home expect the unexpected so be ready and dont run away)Hello my name is Riley I’m 35 years old. I’ve always had the ability to see things ever since I was a child and so has my mom and grandmother.  I lived in rural Connecticut and I liked to go exploring in the woods around my parents property. One day when I was about 15 I discovered an abandoned house. It was a old Victorian style home and I went in and started exploring the house. It looked like a time capsule inside the house it was very cool to me. I was standing in the main entrance looking up the stairs when I saw her. A woman that was standing at the top of the stairs. She was pale and she was wearing a long white dress. She had long black hair and green eyes. I said hello to her and she smiled, waved and said hello back to me. I asked her for her name and she said Melody then she disappeared. I was in shock and went home. I went back the next day and was looking around the outside of the house and I felt like something was telling me to go to the back of the house. I did and that’s when I found it a grave with the name Melody on it according to the grave she was born in 1810 and died in 1836. After that I went home and I picked some of my mom’s roses and went back to the house to and went back to the grave. I put the roses on the grave and then I got the urge to look up. I looked up at the upstairs window of the home and there she was standing in the window staring at me. She smiled and waved at me then disappeared. Tell me what you guys think. Hi there. I need some advice on a situation. Basically I feel watched even though I’m all alone. This is a feeling I’ve had for many years now. I’ll explain what happened. When I was younger maybe 13 or 14, I made a homemade ouija board and played with it at our past apartment that we used to live in. I was home alone at the time and I said things that I shouldn’t of have said. I I said out loud that I invite any spirits, entities or demons to come forward.  Looking back I don’t think I even said goodbye. I sat there and the shot glass that I used never moved. I got up and threw it out. It was around this exact time that the feeling of being watched came over me. We moved and the feeling followed me. That’s when things began to happen. My stuff would disappear then reappear, cold spots/breezes, lights flickering, strange dreams. A lot of unexplainable occurrences would happen. Once our bread loaf and a few kitchen utensils got thrown. No one else was in the kitchen. Ever since I messed with the ouija board, this feeling of being watched never left me. At some point the strange occurrences stopped but the feeling didn’t. There were a few times where my mom mentioned seeing shadow like figures in our apartment. She said she saw something go towards our room one night. I share a room with both of my brothers. She made sure to pray afterwards. My younger brother not that long ago came running into our room saying he had seen a dark shadow out in our hallway even though no one else was upstairs. I’ve never seen anything myself except for in my dreams. Now these are just dreams and could mean nothing but I just thought that I would add them in. In the first dream, something that I couldn’t see came up to me. It felt freezing cold. It leaned and kissed me. In the second dream I saw myself sleeping and right next to me was a black figure watching me as I slept. In the last dream, I saw a black floating mist. This thing came up to me and told me how much it loved me. I said the same thing to it. It’s voice was deep too. I woke up confused. As of now, the feeling still lingers and I don’t know what to make of it. I grew up getting used to the feeling though recently it’s gotten stronger. At the point I don’t know what to do. I just want closure as to what’s going on. Do I perhaps have an attachment? Or am I just insane? I was peacfully asleep, dreaming of fluffy kittens and flying with ravens when I felt something flick my nose. This was strange beacause I always sleep with the blanket pulled up over my head. The blanket wasn’t moved which was odd, but I brushed it off as a weird dream. As I was about to close my eyes, the blood  in my ears roared so loud I could barley hear anything else and my heartbeat was unnaturally fast and just as loud as the roaring. My skin felt like it was made of nebula and my head swam as I sensed something standing in front of me. Adrenaline & fear flew through my system like a riderless skateboard flying down a steep ramp but I didn’t move. I didn’t scream. I didn’t breathe. I couldn’t. Even thinking was like swimming through thick syrup. It was as if I had been hit by a train of… something I can only describe as pure energy.  As it slowly dawned on me that I may not live to see another day, I heard my mother’s voice calling me. Somthing told me told me it wasn’t her, it didn’t have any warmth to it and it was weird for her to call me before she knew I was awake. So I stayed still and silent, the blood still roaring and my heart going so fast I thought it might explode. I heard the being shift and step on a crinkly candy wrapper. Then I sensed it slowly reach out a limb as if it were going to grab my foot. it must’ve decided against it, because I’m still here, writing this. But it kept its arm outstretched, its stature frozen completely, as if it were mimicking my unmoving state.    By now the roaring had stopped, but I still sensed the being there, so I didn’t move.  I slowly reached for the pocketknife I had clipped to my pants. Thank goodness I had forgotten to unclip it and put it away, because although is was small, it was very, very sharp. I flipped it open and slowly reached for the end of my blanket. I ripped it off and slashed the air with the ferocity of a tiger. There was nothing there. My boyfriend and I last weekend decided to take a trip to the Elms Hotel, overall the trip was fun the hotel is supposed to be pretty haunted and we got some cool things from the hotel.   This is our first week back and things have been so weird. The first weird thing that happened was Tuesday there was a huge crash so my boyfriend immediately got up thinking someone broke in. Obviously by this reddit that was not the case there was no evidence that anything had even fallen.   On wednesday the Alexa when off just whispering I had the tv so I could hear what she was saying but I turned it off immediately.  Now Thursday is when things started getting weird. It was the middle of the day and my boyfriend and I were sitting in the living room, no tv we weren’t even talking to each other just watching tik toks. Then the Alexa starts rapping some weird ass Mark Twain rap which is apparently an easter egg. Yet no one has said anything.   Which brings us to tonight, we keep hearing tapping outside the weird and of course nothing was out there, after i said “this is so annoying” The loudest bang hit our bedroom wall. The little tapping just continues, hopefully it’ll end soon.When I was a kid, I lived in a haunted house   I'll preface this by saying I'm generally a very rational person and am a skeptic by nature. I didn't grow up in a family that was religious or into the supernatural, and if I hadn't experienced these things myself there's no doubt in my mind that I wouldn't believe in it today.  Our house was built in 1912. On the outside it seemed like a totally normal house. The moment I stepped inside that house I felt uneasy and couldn't explain why.   My sister and I shared a room upstairs. I was sitting on my bed in my room one day, facing the doorway. It was one of those accordion doors that would click closed and there was a space of about 2 feet at the bottom where it didn't reach the floor. It was only my mom and I home at the time and she was downstairs. I heard the floor creak outside my door in the hallway as though someone was walking into my room. Then I saw a white mist type figure pass by my door. At first I thought it was my mom bringing laundry upstairs and I waited for her feet to appear under the door but they didn't. I went and peeked under my door to see who was in the hallway and there was nobody there. There was no wind and no way it could have been a curtain blowing. I definitely saw something pass by my door.   Another day I was in my room alone again. My family was downstairs in the kitchen at the time. There was a wardrobe by the door that had a lamp on top if it. I was just sitting on my bed again and all of a sudden the lamp started to violently rock back and forth. It scared the shit out of me so I immediately ran downstairs and my family could see I was scared and asked me what was wrong. I told them what happened and they all looked at each other. I discovered later they tried to protect me from knowing any of the paranormal experiences that happened there.   Another day my sister and I were in the living room. It was summer and we had one of those window air conditioners in the kitchen window. My dad was just finishing building a detached garage outside and had turned the breaker off so that he could finish wiring the electrical to the garage. There was no electricity at all in the house. We were just sitting there and all of a sudden we hear the air conditioner turn on. My sister and I looked at each other and ran outside. My parents asked us what was wrong and we told them how the air conditioner turned on by itself. My dad said that's impossible, there's no electricity going to the house. We had no explanation for how it turned on.   Another day I was in my room and we had one of those big fans that sat on the floor. My sister would always yell at me for leaving it on when I wasn't in the room. On this day, it was really hot so I purposely left the fan on. I went downstairs to have a shower, only my mom and sister were home at the time. I came back up to my room and the fan was switched off. I immediately felt uneasy because I knew I had left it on. I asked my mom and sister if they had gone upstairs while I was in the shower but they hadn't. No explanation for how it turned off.   This was back in the days where we would record songs off the radio on cassette tapes. One day I guess I forgot to press stop while recording and had left the room. When I listened back it sounded like a man and woman arguing on the tape but couldn't quite make out what they were saying. There was no-one in the room at the time.   When I would go to sleep at night and the lights were out I would see what I now know were probably orbs, but at the time I had no idea what it was. It was like static electricity in the air. I don't know how to explain it. The closest thing I've ever seen to it are sparklers. It used to scare the shit out of me and I would run to my mom's room to tell her and she would say oh it's just your eyes playing tricks on you, don't pay attention to it. I would go back to bed and hide my head under the covers.   There was a spirit that would stand in the corner of my room and watch us constantly. After we moved out I told my mom one day that our new house felt so much happier than our old one. She asked me what I meant. I told her how our old house had such a heavy atmosphere and felt totally different and I always felt like I was being watched. I asked her if it was haunted and she finally admitted to me that it had been and they had tried to protect me from it because I was the youngest. I described two of the ghosts to her; the female that was always in the corner of my room and the male spirit that stayed in my brother's room. I described the time period they were from and how they were dressed. That the woman was in a long dark dress and the man sat on the floor in my brother's room and looked out the window. No idea how I knew these things and turned out I was pretty close, except for the woman wore a black veil that hid her face and the man actually had no legs, which is why I thought he was sitting all the time.   While we lived there I had a recurring dream where I saw a little girl in a white nightgown cowering in the hallway outside my bedroom and crying because the house was on fire. I was constantly paranoid about fires while living in that house and would constantly check the electrical outlets throughout the house to be sure everything was OK. After we moved I worked at our local library and there were tons of resources about the history of the town. Turns out before our old house was built at that location, there was a hotel that used to stand there in the late 1800s that had burned to the ground, killing several people.   My dad was the only one who didn't have experiences while we lived there. My mom had the most experiences and I think at first he started to think she was losing her mind. It wasn't until my siblings and I started to tell him about our experiences, and specifically me with the lamp incident in my room, that he started to think something was wrong with the house.  My brother worked late nights and would get home around midnight. He would walk through the dark house to get to his room and would often hear someone calling his name. He thought it was our mom and would go in her room to see what she wanted only to find her asleep. Eventually he would rarely sleep there. He would sleep at his friends or girlfriend's houses instead.   My sister and I shared a room. We had the female ghost dressed in black veil who would stand and watch us in the corner of our room. One night my sister woke up to find someone sitting beside her on her bed holding her hand. She thought it was me and asked what I was doing. No answer. She looked over at my bed, I was there, sound asleep. She looked back and the figure was gone. To this day she sleeps with her head under the covers and her arms tucked under her.   My mom had multiple experiences. I'm not even aware of all of them and honestly don't want to know. I know she said there were at least 5 spirits in the house, plus others that would pass through. In our basement we had an old cold room and this apparently is where the spirit portal was located in our house. Not sure why it was there or how it got there, but I think previous residents had dabbled in things they shouldn't have. As I said previously there was a hotel that had burned down at that location, killing several people. I think previous residents could sense the presence of these spirits and dabbled with ouija boards or seances to contact the spirits and ended up inviting in dark entities. Just a theory, but I believe people who lived there before us made the situation worse.   My mom is very sensitive to spirits and had experiences with all of them I think. The woman in black was a protective spirit and would communicate with my mom quite a bit. I believe that spirit protected me from the other spirits also.   My mom was walking down to the basement one day and she lost her footing and started to fall. She suddenly felt hands on her chest and pushed her back to an upright position. She never saw anyone, just felt them catch her as she fell.   Another day she was vacuuming in my brother's room, when the phone rang. She ran downstairs to answer it and while she was downstairs she heard the vacuum start up and being pushed across the floor. She ran back upstairs but by the time she got there it had stopped. She was the only one home at the time.   We had so many issues with "phantom calls" in that house. This is before cell phones so we only had a land line. The phone would ring constantly and nobody would be on the line. Or we would hear static or as though there was a muffled voice on the line but we couldn't make out what they were saying. I don't know how many times we had the phone company come to check it out only to find nothing wrong.   Then it escalated. My dad would get up to leave for work in the middle of the night and just after he would leave we would get a call where the person would say "I saw ____ leave for work". This freaked my mom right out so the police became involved, to try and trace where these calls were coming from. We had to keep track of the time the calls came in, what was said (if anything), etc. They never were able to trace the calls.   We moved shortly after and had the same phone number. The calls stopped as soon as we moved out and we never had issues again.   Before we moved my mom was really worried they would follow us. The woman in black was very religious and my mom had an old Bible beside her bed. One morning she woke up to find the Bible open beside her on the night stand and these words highlighted: "And this house will be my home forever."  Thankfully they didn't follow us. I'm very sensitive to spirits and have had other experiences throughout my life but that will be for another day. I hated that house and was so happy to move. I'm grateful for the experience though because now I know our spirits do continue on after death, just in a different way.  Edit: spelling and grammatical errors When I was around that age of eight or nine my grandmother invited my sister, and I to have a sleepover at her house. To summarize the day it was like any other time with at my grandparents. We went shopping, played soccer in the backyard, drew on the patio with chalk, and overall we had a very good time! When the day finally came to an end and I had to go to sleep, I didn’t even think twice about it. I was exhausted after a long day of playing with my grandmother and my sister. I slept in my uncles old room down the hall, while my sister slept on the couch in the living room. All was normal until i felt somebody in the room. I have always been able to pick up on people’s energy’s and tell if someone is in the room with me. I thought that my sister had had a nightmare and was going to talk to me about it. So, I rolled over to make contact with her. But what I saw wasn’t my sister. It was a very tall man who was staring at me. His arms where crossed and overall his body poster was very angry and upset. At first I thought it was my grandfather but I realized Almost immediately afterwards that the man in my doorframe was much taller than my grandfather. I got out of bed and walked over to this figure to find out that this absolutely wasn’t my grandpa. This man’s face was completely different. The way this man glared at me scared me so much I ran right through him screaming and crying to my grandmother.   Flash foreword a few years later when I was around the age of 12. My grandmother went through a whole box of vintage pictures explaining who they where when she got to one photo in particular, immediately the young man in the photo caused me to have a flashback to that sleepover. When I asked who it was she started crying and said it was her dad, and that he had died very young. We moved to current house a few years ago right before the pandemic started. since then, we’ve had strange experiences. Starting with my youngest daughter getting upset with her older sister that she came into her bedroom, and tried to freaked her out by walking around her room and got under her bunk bed. Oldest daughter denied the allegation and we kinda settled with younger one had just had a dream. Then, some month past. She saw a girl standing in the living room after midnight when she was getting water. She was freaked out and she started to sleep with her older sister. We still were thinking that it’s just another vivid dream or mind tricking. But after another several months later, when my daughters were playing hide and seek and I was just sitting in the dining room while observing what they are doing, I saw a girl coming after my oldest daughter while she was looking for her younger sister from basement. I thought it’s my younger daughter and when older one asked me if I know where her sister went, I pretended like I have no idea even though she was behind her. After a few minutes, my younger daughter came out from a recycle bin chest which was big enough for her to get in, and she had my husband’s help to hide in there. Then I was like “what the hell?” I saw a girl behind my older daughter and I even remember how pretty her hair was. Then I noticed that I wasn’t even wearing glasses. It’s impossible for me to see details of hair shines also the way the girl came from down stairs made no sense unless her head is very very long or entire body was floating. Oldest daughter hasn’t seen anything but we’ve had similar violent knocks on the door experiences. All while my husband had no experience. So we just kept dismissing it’s just misunderstanding and some mind tricks. Up until recently. We’ve captured unknown voice in a video and be recorded while changing my son’s diaper. It was too clear and we couldn’t deny it anymore. We got night vision home security camera to see if there’s any activities we can capture. The first night, we captured a lot of “dust” or “bugs”. I’m not a huge believer of “orbs” but there were some strange dusts and bugs I admit. And then, voice again. I’ve uploaded them on my YouTube channel to see if there’s anyone who can identify them. We were planning to try to capture as much as possible… but seems like all activities were only for the first night. We haven’t recorded voices or weird orbs since the first night. Now I wonder if there is a way to communicate with them other than using a ouija board or a ghost box. So I have always wondered why this happened to me so I decided to post this to see if anyone has had the same thing happen.   So one night I was playing video games and it was about 3-4 am and my brother was kicking me out of his room so he can sleep. Anyway me being a kid I was just getting angry and hot and me saying no to get off the game or whatever. Anyway it begins to escalate and we start yelling at each other. I’ve never felt that much hate in myself it was such a strange sensation and then suddenly my door just bursts open with such force we were both scared. Especially me since I just started crying instantly. My brother went to go check and there was nothing there. I ended up sleeping with my brother that night cause I was so scared. But at the end of the day my brother introduced me to Eric Andre that day so it wasn’t too bad ig haha. But yeah that’s it. So this one of the more tamed stories.   I don't think my house is haunted but I do believe I am haunted or I pick up spirits.  So last weekend my mom and brother came to visit me for the weekend, they had just walked through the door and I was getting them settled in, so one of my roommates had left on a business trip and the other moved out the week before, so I offered the extra room to my brother.  My mom and I were walking past the stairs which leads to three rooms up stairs, including mine, I called for my brother, not towards the stairs but down the hallway  "hey, you can take *former roommates*  room" we thought he was in the kitchen or lounge which was further down the hallway but we got answer from upstairs which caused my mom and I to look up the stairs because we were at the base of it.  My brothers voice "yea, I know" my mother and I laughted at how eager my brother to have his own room to sleep in instead of a couch in the hallway.  We moved towards the kitchen which was attached to the lounge only to my brother standing in the middle of the lounge, my mom and I looked at each other confused:  My mom "we hear your voice coming from the upstairs bedroom"   My brother looked at us and struggled because this is a norm in our family. My father was German and my mother was French. All that matters is that I grew up watching ghost shows with my father. At one point he looked me in the eyes and said « when I die, I’ll haunt the shit outta you to prove I’m real » He didSo for context, the town I used to live in has frequently been referred to as "the most haunted town in Australia" and I used to work in a bar on the towns main street, with parts of the building being over 100 years old.  This bar, according to the stories had 3 ghosts that lived in it, mostly in the old upstairs area that was no longer used as a public space and just as storage.  None of these ghosts where at all malicious but staff staying back late to close, such as myself would frequently have sightings/encounters.  That being said the only time I was ever remotely unsettled by am encounter was with that of a young boy who, according to the stories, had died in a fire.  In this upstairs storage area was an old photograph of this boy, and to put it simply, he moves in the photo. Now he never moves while someone is watching but you would look at the photo, look away for a second and when you look back the boy would be in a completely different position.  I saw this happen on several occasions and the only reason I know it wasn't a trick or just me going crazy is due to several of the bars staff (both past and present) have confirmed seeing the same thing.  I dont think it's anything bad, just a little boy playing around, but it used to weird me the hell out. It sounds cheesy as hell and was probably just a dream, but when I was 11 I woke up in the middle of the night on Halloween to a man's voice in my ear saying - very clearly - "You were there." Like RIGHT next to my ear. It scared the sh\*\* out of me and I had to sleep on my parent's floor that night. Never happened again, but other creepy things did in that house. Like one time, I fell asleep staring at my closet, but I didn't realize it because I was still seeing the room exactly as it was before I fell asleep (almost like an out of body experience) only now there was the shadow of a boy dancing in my closet. My dad was a "ghost hunter" at the time. He never found anything but I was always afraid that ghosts would follow him home. It made me super paranoid lol. True ghost/ paranormal stories wanted…also permission to use as content to use in my new YouTube channel that we are currently setting up. Any stories will be greatly appreciated. Thank you In advance. In a rural downtown known in its locale as "the gateway to the lakes region", change has long been accepted inevitably. My wife's cousin, Adam (rest his soul), and his friends were renting one of the last homes remaining on the main street. The house was a old colonial with a pole barn one-cart garage attached to the rear.  I had spent some party time in the pole barn noting the obviousness that the only remaining items from some previous owners was a wall hung photo of a toddler boy and a couple toddler toys. They were able to rent for a short time before the house was sold for commercial property. It would soon be time to leave. One peculiar afternoon, after arriving to pick up Adam, I waited in the pole barn for him to be ready. It contained a punching bag where I could get my blood flowing a bit.  Only a few punches were landed before I noticed the child's photo and frame broken immensely at the base of the bare frame wall where it once hung. Intrigued, I walked over to get a closer look then back to the bag trying to think nothing of it .. as the hair on the back of my neck peaked and heart rate rose on high alert. In my mind I wavered between thinking myself fearful and that I was not alone in the pole barn. Trying to ease myself back into the bag, I could not focus and immediately walked out. While walking swiftly back towards the main house I felt a poke on the back of my hand. Shocked, I lifted my hand to sight a drop of blood escaping from the web between my thumb and index finger. My head swirled with riled reason and reality. (The back of my hand, how did I do that, did I do that?) In the main house I met Adam and asked what happened to the photo. He explained that he and his friends got "freaked out" by it one night and proceeded to smash it to relieve their anxiety. I was somewhat amused, but more disturbed by their choice. When we left, I left concerned for my lack bravery and the little boy whose home would soon be torn down. It was less than a couple weeks later, in dream state, I was unexpectedly and drastically pulled into what my wife called a  wormhole". It was quick movement through a 'tunnel', it was 'windy', it was 'loud' and I was now staring into the pole barn from above. I didn't see the boy, but knew he was there.. I suppose my instincts kicked in and the only thing I could think to do was to tell the boy that he needed to leave. It felt like I was yelling above the noise and I made every word or gesture I could think of that would make the message clear. It was not long at all  before I was pulled back out of the pole barn feeling strangely like I had accomplished my purpose. So, I don't know if what happened was real and I never experimented with lucid dreaming, but I like to think that I helped the spirit of that boy move on.so to start out this woman in the white dress is the first i’ve ever seen of a ghost, it happened when i just moved to a new house for the first time pretty young and i noticed something weird in my room that i would have incredibly vivid nightmares. it felt like i was actually in them and i would wake up in sweats so i stopped sleeping in there. ever since that happened my mom told me that my sister knows about ghost and just that there’s an old lady here that used to be in my room so me being me i didn’t really care i started switching between living room and my moms room until one night when my mom was going to bed around this time i felt off and when i tried going to sleep i started to uncontrollably cough my mom being worried kept asking me if i needed water but i said no until i looked at the open door then i saw her  her hair was down and pale and her eyes were practically piercing you  i could see her white nightgown and everything and she just looked angry  ever since then i sleep with my doors shut and after a while the coughing stopped and we moved until i decided to talk to my sister about it but not in detail just about the lady and she goes “oh yeah i used to see her walking around the house outside with a bun” i was confused because i never saw her like that but still to this day whoever that was im terrified of her So my friend was taking selfie’s in her car and in one of her selfies there was like this sun beam blur but it looked just like a face. It looked just like the side of my face, I’ve asked my friends and my mom and they say it looks like me. Im really afraid and it could honestly be anything or even just really a sun beam blur, but it’s really freaking me out. Any suggestions? Hey everyone! I’ve come here before with a similar issue.. well kinda, our situation has progressed from the last time i shared. In short me and my household have experienced some paranormal things, hearing voices, watching things move on their own, things disappearing. worse of it all  the youngest baby (2yrs) started waking up around 3 screaming as if he was terrified. Since all of that i had done a simple cleansing on our house n i put a protective crystal above the babies door. Everything was fine.. no weird anythings happening. A few days ago my sister went to check on my youngest nephew, just as a gut feeling she had in the middle of the night. She slightly opened the door to peak in and she sees my nephew sitting up right completely under his comforter, she continues in the room to lay him back down, she looks at the other side of the bed to see my nephew on top of the blankets knocked out, he’s obviously been sleeping.. she then grabs & moves the comforter that STILL looks like there is a kid under it to find nothinggg… recently I’ve just had feelings of someone watching me and I’m sure something is I’m just not sure what they want?? Any input ? Or questions you have let’s discuss below!!! Saw a ghost, reasonable explanation would be that I imagined it.  Back in a summer camp, 10 years younger, had the larger cabin/house with 3 other guys since we were the oldest of the group. Before nighttime, ended up having all the other guys come by to play Fifa and just chill out. Being someone who has constantly slept 3-4 hours my whole life, I was the last one to stay awake.  While everyone else had either stayed in the bedroom or left, two other guys stayed in the living room where they ended up sleeping while I watched antenna tv on a old, large armchair. At around 2am that night, I had begun to flip through the free antenna channels, finally finding a sort of comedy tv channel where a stand up comedian was performing. The screen was glitching too much to make out the comedian, but it was the only thing on that wasn’t bible or paid programming related.  I took a look away from the tv in front of me to my right, for no reason other than being bored, and saw it.  It was a man, with an unkempt beard, mustache, worn farming clothes, and a distinct hat, imagine  some sort of Fidel castro style military cap. He was both in front of the bedroom door and behind the kitchen counter, facing me. I could not see him from the waist down due to the kitchen counter, but the rest of the man, I could.  Maybe I’m lazy, but after all these years, and after telling my story to friends and family, I still don’t know the exact word to describe his, I don’t know, physical form? His body was both see-through, hazily distorting the doors shape behind him. He was physically there. Not as a sort of mist, but physically there, while also being just transparent enough to see-through. His eyes had no pupils, only a grayed white void, but It felt like he was focused on me.  Now what did I do? I stared at him, frozen with fear and dread. 30 seconds pass and suddenly the man makes a subtle angry smirk, and I acted in that exact moment. Out of fear, I lifted the oversized armchair from under my feet, and quickly moved 6-8 feet forward, armchair and all, and sat directly in front of the tv.  Eyes wide open, I was ready to be the very least chased by the man I had just retreated from. All I heard was the televisions bad audio and nothing else. In front of me, the tv’s picture was still showing a “comedy tv” logo, and bad picture quality stand up. I stayed frozen, watching the television and not daring look behind the armchair, even as the curtains began to light up from the morning sunrise. I finally heard my teacher knock on the door and call with his distinct Turkish accent to wake up. That was enough for the two guys that were in that same living room to wake up and ask if I had woken up before them. I finally got up, walked to the kitchen, and then told them what had happened. More of the guys began coming out of the bedroom, either leaving or staying behind to listen to my story. By the end of the camp, everyone of my classmates had heard about what had happened, and even more stayed the following night in the “ghost cabin”.  I have never seen anything like it since, but I can 100% guarantee that I saw what I saw that night. Unless my mind imagined it at that moment of course.  The camp was in rural Texas, I just got in the rental van and arrived. I have not been able to find the camp on Google, but distinctly remember a basketball court directly behind our cabin, with a >50ft drop directly to its side that led to a rocky, dry riverbed. Other than that and the cabins layout, I haven’t been able to locate the camp after repeated attempts.  Sorry for the long post for something that I witnessed for only a minute, but this is the first time I take the time to post my story anywhere. Stayed at this B&B that was a farmhouse. Was dreaming about some random witch I heard about that was a local story in the area and then suddenly woke up. It was about 2am when there was knocking at the bedroom door, we had the section to ourselves so knew no one was there.  The bedroom door knob started to turn and the door opened gently, we had locked the door before we went to bed. There was no one there. Couldn't sleep after that and had all the lights on.Hello my name is Alexa I’m 28 years old. I’m a medium and have been my entire life I get it from my grandmother. When it comes to seeing spirits I’m the most gifted in the family even more then my grandmother I see and hear ghosts as clearly as a regular person. When I was about 8 my grandmother died and we had to go to the funeral home. I lived in a large city with my parents and I still live in the same city so the funeral home we went to was large. When I walked in it was like walking into a crowded stadium for me there were so many ghosts of all ages that it was overwhelming. I knew immediately that they knew that they knew that I could see them being a medium is like being a giant beacon. Some just started at me, some smiled and waved at me, some said things like hi little girl and how are you. One ghost took a particular and I really liked her. She was a young woman no older then about 26 I was leaning up against the wall while my parents were in the funeral director’s office doing paperwork. I was outside the office setting on a bench just watching all the ghosts that were there. The young woman approached me she looked like a biker girl I’m assuming a motorcycle accident is what killed her she had on a pair of jeans, a T-shirt with a black leather jacket and a pair of tennis shoes. She was pale and had long black hair and blue eyes. She sat down beside me and asked what I was doing there and I told her then she put her hand on my leg and said she was sorry. She sat with me and we talked for about a hour while my parents were in the office. She told me her name was Sarah and she asked me about my interests. When another ghost would try to interrupt us she would tell them to go away she seemed like she was a very strong woman. When my parents came out of the office she disappeared. When my parents and I were leaving the funeral home I turned around and she was standing at the door. She smiled and waved at me then disappeared again. A few years ago, I was staying at my grandparent's hotel they run but my grandad had died not long before I went to the hotel. Anyway, I was sat at a table next to a wall and my uncle took a photo of me. When he looked at the photo, he saw a white hand next to my face so took another incase it was something on the camera but there was nothing there. I still have the photo but can't find it. I believe it could've been my grandad there.Paranormal/Supernatural Activity! Searching for YOUR footage/audio/evidence of paranormal/supernatural activity. Comment with leads. Reputable Los Angeles-based Production Company is interested in creating documentary films and tv shows featuring  authentic footage/audio/evidence/leads to Paranormal/Supernatural activity. Ghosts, Exorcisms, Haunted houses, UFO’s etc. Must be convincing audio and or visual evidence of unexplained phenomena. For the right materials, $$ COMPENSATION.  Please, no scams. We’re serious here, so we hope you are too. This Really Happened ok so I just thought some of u might find this cool but it was freaky for me in 2019 I got a toy in aus we have a story called the magic pudding and it was my first book as a child after getting the toy I started to see thing more. I had always seen things but it was like spirits and stuff that didn’t want to harm me or anyone but after getting it things got dark I was see some really scary figures. they felt like they wanted to hurt me and I was scared. they got closer over time at the start of 2020 in Feb they were so close and I could feel they wanted me dead and others around to be hurt. I thought it was all in my head as I’m disabled and have mental health problems. I ended up crying on my phone with my doctor as the state got shut down and started talking to people and dr about it being mental health as get got worst. I was unable to leave the house by the end of 2020 without my brother or sister with me. I didn’t talk about it and everyone dr I talk to said it wasn’t mental health. for Christmas, I was made to go see family and after a week I had the worst anitxy attack I had ever had that lasted 3 weeks. I could leave my room, I couldn’t talk, I couldn’t move or eat. no one had any idea what was going on with me and no one could help. after my anxiety lifted up so I could do things but I couldn’t leave the house. Some things had happened in the month of 2020 that made it seem like something else I had nightmares that would make the hardest core of horror and gore fans scream. a dream that I call what death itself would be as a room and saw things that seemed like they were out of a horror film it was so scary. but I didn’t want to say it was a demon or something. but at the start of 2021 something throws my cat off my bed and she hit my closet door, she wouldn’t come back in for weeks. I was mad and started to think back to when this all started and the only thing I could think of was the toy. I picked it up off the shelf and felt sick. I passed it to my mum and she took it, she almost gave it back right away. that was it. my dad throws it out and now it’s gone. just thought this would be a good place to tell this. a doll for the 1970 magic pudding did so much damaged to me   The nightmares so I wanted to write down sep of the nightmares so I walked into a room it was a red light on, gut, death was everywhere I cant say more i just cant find the words. it felt so so so real like it happenedI recently posted about the haunted house I lived in when I was a kid. After moving from that house I realized I'm able to sense spirits around me. These are a few that have happened over the years. I don't really consider myself to be psychic or clairvoyant but maybe I am, I'm not sure.   I don't typically "see" spirits in the traditional sense. I have seen a couple physically in front of me, but the vast majority I see in my mind. I get a mental image of them and I also can often sense their emotions at the time. Sometimes they try to communicate, but it's all telepathically.   When I was in university, I was trying to find a class. The building I was in was old and the room was supposed to be on the 2nd floor. I went up the stairs and as I walked towards one room in particular I suddenly could see in my mind a soldier. He had short dark hair and was dressed in an old fashioned green uniform. He had a bayonet in his hand and was charging me. He was very upset I was there and was yelling at me. It scared the shit out of me. I turned and ran back down the stairs and ran out of the building. Months later I had to go in the building again (downstairs only, there was no way I was going back up there!). I noticed a plaque imbedded in the wall that said the building was dedicated to the soldiers who died in WW1.   I had a part time job at a conference centre. Part of the building was an old house, and there was a story that it was haunted by a man. All I knew at the time is that some employees who worked the front desk had reported seeing him over the years. One day I was near the area where he had been seen before and I had a mental image of the man. He was older, maybe in his 50s, and was dressed in what looked like old work clothes. He was balding and missing teeth. He reached into his pocket and showed me a pocket watch and smiled, as though he was amused. In my mind it's like a camera zooming in and it zoomed in on the pocket watch. Then he put it back in his pocket and turned and walked away. After this I was curious about the ghost story there and I looked into the man who supposedly haunts it. Turns out he was accused of stealing a pocket watch and was hanged at the gallows that at the time of his death had been located across the street.   At one point I was looking for a new place to live. There was an ad for a small bachelor apartment located near a friend of mine in an old house. When I went to look at the place I could feel the spirit from the street. I still went in to take a look at the place but I knew even before I walked in the door that I couldn't live there. The spirit there was a very stern Victorian woman. She was in a purple dress and she really didn't like me. She stood in the room the entire time looking at me disapprovingly while I was there looking at the place. The ad was for a sublet and the woman who lived there currently was acting a bit weird, like she was desperate to get out of that place. I don't think the spirit liked her either lol. The spirit seemed like maybe she had ran a boarding house or something at one point and was very picky about who she allowed to live there. There was no way I would ever live there.   This is getting long so I'll leave the other stories for next time!  Edit: spelling and context I have come here in search of YOUR true supernatural stories! Whether it’s ghosts, poltergeists, creatures, ufo’s. I want to hear your stories. Why? I am starting a podcast with a friend in the coming months and want to prepped with some cool stories so send them my way! It’s ok if you feel like no one will believe you, I will! Let me hear your stories!  Thanks! this demon attached himself to meThrough A Ouija board And it's like HE now follows me for life Haven't had any problems in a year or soBut now all I sudden I'm waking up with scratch marks on my arm And I'm smelling a rotten egg smell And I can feel him watching me And hear him at times Taunting meHas anybody else had this problem Please respond if so I've previously shared two other "ghost" stories here, and well... There's really only a few more strange/unexplained things I can think of. The next of which being "Little Jimmy."  From 2008-2013 my uncle owned a bakery where I worked during my college years. (Sadly it closed when he died unexpectedly.) The building itself was a very old one, and was basically just a long rectangle shape. We divided it up into 3 rooms, and added the actual bakery part onto the back. The first room, where you walked in obviously, was the store front, with a door to the right that lead into our "cake decorating room." It's what it sounds like. A room where we would decorate cakes, store things, and just use as a general "back" room. Continuing through that room was the second back area with freezers, and the storage closet, and a mini office room divided off from it. Continuing from there through the original back door, was the bakery.  Anyway, that building had actually been a lot of things in it's life. It was multiple bars, a hair salon at one point, and it was even a brothel. This was a place where some pretty famous gangsters also passed through back in the day, so even it's basement had hidden rooms from the times of prohibition. But, this is all just back story for what the building itself is/was... As for what happened to us working there... It was just a lot of strange things.  The first thing I can ever remember happening was the cupcake holder flying across the room. We kept it on a shelf on the right side of the cake decorating room (by the door), and one day we heard a loud CRASH that scared the heck out of us. Me and my coworker went back there to see what fell/broke, and to our surprise we found the cupcake holder all the way across the room by the other door laying on it's side. We didn't think much of it though, as this was before we even would suspect a "ghost" or whatever.  The second event occurred maybe a year or so later, and happened in the middle of the night while my uncle and the other staff were baking. One of our coworkers turned around to see what appeared to be a little boy with an old looking hat on. It freaked her out, but apparently she was a part of some ghost hunting team and said she was "used" to this sort of thing. That night I remember me and my parents went over there as well, but of course we didn't see anything.   After this, things started getting a little more weird/annoying. Things would randomly go missing and show up in other places. We'd hear loud footsteps in the back as someone headed to the front. But rather than opening the door and walking into the store front, they would stop at the door and no one would be there when we opened it to look. Same thing would happen a lot in the back room as well, where you'd hear someone's boots climbing up the ramp from the bakery, but vanish at the top of the ramp.   Eventually my uncle started calling "it" Little Jimmy, and whenever something weird would happen, we would just blame it on him. Strange things like this continued for years, up until we had to close down. Now the place has been reopened as yet another bar, and I can't help but wonder if they experience the same things we did. Hi im Penelope my friend is emma and she tells me about all of her demons that are violent and nice like her lil sister Nina who i cant see but for all i know is that she is nice. she has three dolls that here grandmother made when she was my age or younger, Emma told me how they died: doll 1, has raincoat braids red balloon, no one liked her so she killed everyone then killed herself, doll 2, blue dress, didnt survive during Titanic, doll 3, pink dress ,murdered.  doll 1 has been the creepiest of them all, last month, her balloon was missing and that night she heard a balloon POP and when her dad went in the kitchen, cabnites were open and pots and pans were on the floor, this remaines the mystery for all of us. My childhood (1970's) home was on a street that dead-ended into a cemetery. Where the street ended, two 10-foot stone columns marked the beginning of the cemetery. A streetlight about 5 yards before the columns lit them up come dark.  When I was 10 years old, I was allowed to play outside in the neighborhood until 9pm, or about dark in the summertime. One early fall evening, it was about 8:30, it was getting dark early, but I was determined to stay out until 9'oclock. A friend of mine lived in the last house before the cemetery began. I went there and knocked on the door, asking the mom who answered if my friend could come out. She agreed, and said 'Wait a minute, I'll get her."  I sat down on the front steps to wait for my friend and looked toward the cemetery columns. I saw a man standing there on the cemetery side, kind of shadowy as the streetlight had not come on quite yet. But I could see him well enough. He had on green Dickie pants and shirt, the kind workers wore. And he was smoking a cigarette. I thought he might be from the neighborhood. I literally blinked and then he vanished. At the same time the streetlight blinked on. The man was GONE. I could see far enough in all directions to know he couldn't have walked away in any direction.  I was so spooked I jumped up and ran home, not waiting for my friend. We are looking to get some SPOOKY true ghost stories for Halloween! Please let us know if you have tales to share! [https://www.tiktok.com/@ericorlazorid/video/7157040987846626606?is\_copy\_url=1&is\_from\_webapp=v1](https://www.tiktok.com/@ericorlazorid/video/7157040987846626606?is_copy_url=1&is_from_webapp=v1)  For my graduation party, rather than having anything typical, my friends and I rented the nearby haunted house known as “Whispers Estate” for a nightly investigation. I wasn’t really expecting to have too much activity and I was kind of right, besides one instance. When the caretaker told us that we were free to explore, I immediately began filming with my GoPro Hero 7. I recorded for the first 7 minutes of the exploration and ended the recording when I was able to record the video of this ball moving so that I would easily be able to find the footage. I recorded for the rest of the night but oddly didn’t seem to capture anything else. I think that the movement of this ball is easily the most unexplainable thing I’ve ever seen because I can rule out all ways that this could be fake. From the angle that the ball moved, it’s literally impossible for somebody to have thrown the ball or for there to be strings attached. My sister and her boyfriend were at the staircase when it happened, but they didn’t notice it and I don’t see any way that either of them could have made the ball bounce like that. Anyone who’s been to Whispers Estate would also know that there isn’t any ventilation that would be able to move the ball.When I was 6 or 7, I was spending the night at my grandparents house. It was probably about 11 o'clock at night and I had woke up needing to use the restroom. I was climbing out of bed when I saw a man standing in my doorway. I couldn't see his face because he was in the shadows but I just thought it was my grandfather. A second later, he was gone. So I went to the restroom, got back in bed, and forgot about it. Years later, I was telling my mom this story. She told me she had seen the same thing when she was little except one detail was different. When I saw it, my door was open. When my mom had saw it, it walked through her closed door and through her closet door. This freaked me out even more because I sleep in her old bedroom. Whenever I go out to my grandparents house, I sleep in the same room but it still freaks me out to this day. Hey everyone! So basically I want to start a YouTube channel where I posted Reddit stories and I thought the perfect first video should be halloween themed. I was wondering if anyone could help me out and share their true halloween stories or experiences they may have had or even link an old post if that makes it easier for you. I’d really appreciate it. I understand permission is needed in order to post peoples stories and I know many people don’t ask for permission and I don’t want to do that. When I was little I would say about 3-5 years old I would talk to a little girl according to my mum and gran my uncle used to talk to this girl toon. Recently I went back to my grans and saw the same little girl standing in my grans window, she was beside two tall figures and the pulled her away I haven’t seen her since. Last year in summer the school janitors caught that same girl sitting on my seat …… Tonight me and my friend decided we wanted to do a ouija board because we were bored. We had done it in the past and it worked so we went into the woods in my neighborhood to try it out. It wasn't working well, it only answered our first question of "is anyone here" with a yes but it stopped moving after that. but it felt kind of as if the spirit was trying to communicate outside of the board? at first it was just the sound of footsteps and rustling circling around us but we were able to dismiss that because we were outside and it could have been an animal. we decided to give it a shot though and asked for a sign, and a car alarm went off and my flashlight stopped working. that was weird but not completely confirming. we asked for it to make another alarm go off, and a police siren went off, very very close to us. we then decided to ask it to make another alarm go off while we were walking back to my house. before we left though, we decided to ask for one more, very very definite sign that a spirit is present. immediately after asking we heard so many police sirens passing then blood curling screams from a woman from what sounded pretty close. it wasn't playful screams, they were very intense screams of either pain or fear. several of them. like it literally sounded like someone was getting murdered. after hearing this we ran out of the woods and as we were walking back to my house, we heard another alarm go off. I don't know if this was coincidental or if there was a spirit contacting us. the energy was horrible and extremely negative while we were trying to contact something. if it is a spirit, it definitely is not a good one. Im going to be checking the news a lot the next few days to see if someone was a actually murdered because it really sounded like it, especially with the amount of cop cars we heard rushing that direction. Hello!  I am looking to collect heartfelt or scary ghost stories from long-term care staff.  Specifically, I  have a wild hunch there is a link  between the concept of place  attachment from gerontology and the  potential mediating effects of  dementia on physical and social  insideness.  The farther along someone  is on their dementia journey, the  less likely they are to stick around  the LTC home after death, as their  memories of "home" are tied to  places earlier in life.  It absolutely  is fringe gerontology, and I  think it would make for a chilling and  sometimes heartwarming podcast or story collection.  I  worked on  an extended care unit in a 100+ year old hospital and there  were  abundant stories of the creepy founding nuns walking the halls on  the  acute care floors, but not much on our unit with a lot of cognitive   impairment and recent renovations.  Please DM for the link to the story submission form if you have something you want to share! This happened to my dad, not me. Around 2 years before I was born my dad was taking the nightshift at a school. He was a custodian. He went around the school checking if anything was off and cleaning. After he was done doing his job, he went to exit the school. Before he left, he went to close and lock the doors inside one of the hallways. He did so and right when he turned around, all the doors had slammed shut at once. He was terrified and closed and locked them as fast as possible, he ran out and got out of there. #  Truly Scary Storie  We cannot tell you what kind of a story this is. We simply cannot present it as we present other stories. It is too tremendous for that. We are very glad—and proud—to share it with you.When I was in university, I lived in an older house that was built beside a church. The house was over 100 years old but unsure of actual age. I lived in the basement and had a few housemates. We didn't know at the time it was built on a cemetery. That was discovered shortly after I moved out.   Weird things would happen in the house but am still not sure if it was haunted or just purely coincidental. I would hear footsteps above my room late at night and when I would ask the next day who was in the kitchen at 2am, my housemates would say they never came downstairs at all. My one housemate had a cat and the one day we were in the kitchen, the back door opened by itself and the cat walked in.   I did see what I believe was a shadow figure in that house. I had a bookshelf beside my bed and had a Buddha statue on one of the top shelves. In the middle of the night there was a huge bang and when I woke up I saw a black figure jump from the bookshelf to the floor and run out of the room. The shelf with the Buddha figure had fallen off the bookshelf and the Buddha had smashed to pieces on the floor. I thought at first maybe it was my housemates cat that had somehow knocked the shelf off, but the next morning when I told my housemate what had happened they said the cat had been locked in their room with them all night.   Shortly after that I moved out. The house was owned by the church and there was a parking lot in the backyard. The church was adding an addition and had started construction and digging up the parking lot behind the house. During the construction human remains were found which obviously halted the construction until it was determined why the remains were there. It was found that before the house existed, a small cemetery had been on that land. At least 30 skeletons were found and not sure if they were able to determine the identities or why they were buried there. For some reason when the house was built it was decided to build on top of the cemetery and the records of the cemetery's existence was either lost or forgotten over time.   Not sure if other housemates had experiences there. It was a creepy house and I remember them mentioning hearing things at night and not liking to stay there alone. Unsure if it was haunted but weird things definitely did happen there. When I was about 7-8 years old, I remember going to sleep over a kids house, I will call him Richard thought this was so long ago I may be forgetting what his real name is.  Their parents were friends with my parents, so we weren't close friends, but I was very happy about it.  He had what may have been the coolest thing for a kid in the 80s to ever see:   **A Pac-man arcade cabinet in his basement**.  Now to help understand this story, you need to understand the layout of the house.  This was a raised-ranch.  You walked in the front door looking at a small set of stairs that lead down to a finished basement area and a similar set of stairs right next to it going up to the main floor.  You could see the kitchen from the landing as you entered the house and to the right was the living room.  The left side of the main floor was a hallway to the three bedrooms and the bathroom.  One was Richards where I would be sleeping with another of his friends I will call him Michael (I do not remember what his real name was).    But the basement was what I was focused on.   Because as you went down to the basement family room, there was a hallway that has a small room to the left where the arcade cabinet was.  It was a small room covered with brown wood paneling, like all basements in the 80s had.  The front door of the coin receptacle was left open so you did not need quarters.  You would just flick the little metal pin to mimic a quarter and play.  This is where I wanted to go.  But it was time for bed.  Now going into Richard's room it was covered in WWE (WWF at the time) wrestling posters and toys.  I was not as into them as the two of them were (I had Nintendo) but played with them like kids do.  We ended up staying up very late, much too late, because the parents just let up do whatever (as was also common in the 80s) and it was great.  This was also my first real sleepover where we had run of the house.  Considering we were three boys not being watch, we were not doing anything dangerous.  Play wrestling, watching TV in his room, and going to the kitchen for junk.  However we were not playing Pac-man...yet I thought.  At some point I am sitting in Richard's room by myself, the two of them left for some reason.  I felt a little uncomfortable for whatever silly reason.  They were gone a long time.  Self conscious over the fact I was not close friends with either of them, I asked myself 'what were they doing without me?  Let me check'.  I leave the room walking towards the basement, thinking that must be it.  Even if they were not there, I would get to play so win/win.    I walk down the stairs to the basement where it was dark, but bright enough to see.  It may have been a full moon or there were outside lights, because I did not need to turn on any lights.  I saw the room and saw the hallway where the arcade awaits, but then *Richard* walked out and stood in front of me.  He did not say anything and he was in his underwear.  This was very uncomfortable because he looked mad, like he did not want me to go down here.  I stood on the bottom step not moving for a while.  None of us saying anything.  Finally I figured 'ok you do not want me down here' and went back upstairs to go to bed.  Looked up the second stairs towards the kitchen is where the chill crawled up my spine.  Richard and Michael WERE in the kitchen, getting something to eat and were up there the whole time.    Now Richard was an only child and there was no one else in the house other than his mother and father.  There rooms were across the hall from his.  There was no other way from the basement to the kitchen other than maybe from outside.  They could not have walked past me without me knowing, and there was not enough time to put cloths back on and get back into the kitchen if they were just pranking me.  They also did not say anything about what I saw, because I said nothing.  Thinking if they were pranking me, they would have mentioned it.  I went into the kitchen and ate some food and went right to bed.  Again, if this was a joke, a 7-8 year old boy would have said something.  Did not say a word to anyone about the kid in the basement.  To this day I have no explanation for this. Hello !  I come today to tell you my story, which has been going on for a few weeks now. My friends advised me to post on Reddit to maybe make sense of all those events.  To give a bit of context, I'm 29F married to 26M with a 3 years old baby girl, living with 3 animals (2 dogs & 1 cat). We rent a house in a somewhat strange neighborhood in Belgium (Gilly), there are many abandoned buildings in our street, including one right in front of my house where  homeless people were staying and where young people came to do urban exploration, but the building caught fire and is now boarded up. My house isn't very old and we've been living in it for 4 years now, it's a two-sided house that's not very well insulated, so I always hear my neighbors' children running down the stairs or making noise against the walls.  All that to say that I'm rather Cartesian person, I believe in esotericism but I always try to find a logical answer before thinking of more spiritual ones. What's been happening to me for the past few weeks can't find any logical reason, that's what scares me.  First thing happening is: blood drop coming from nowhere. We were in the garden with my husband, when we decided to entering the house, we discovered 5 drops of blood on the ground. 5 perfectly round drops with no other trace. Of course we directly thought of our animals, we examined them from every angle, not a drop of blood visible (we also examined ourselves). Panicked, I send my husband to check that nothing has happened to our daughter who was sleeping peacefully upstairs and also ask him to check all the rooms in the house. We also compared the blood drops with the red food products we had (grenadine, raspberry vinegar) but nothing looked like the stains we found. So we went to bed pretty scared that night.  Second thing happening: appliances that turn on by themselves. One night at 3am our printer turns on by itself and starts printing sheets (nothing abnormal on it, just the amount of ink left in the printer) for no reason. I first thought that the cat could have accidentally turned it on by passing over it. While trying to reproduce the scene, I realized that it didn't work, the printer is bluetooth and only activates when we launch it from our phone. You must log in before you can print. This incident doesn't necessarily scare me, I think it's more of a network problem or something like that. What bothers me is that it happened again, at the same time a few days later with my record player.  Last thing but the scariest for me: the weird picture. This Friday, after spending the evening with friends, we return around 1 a.m. to our house. Before going to bed, I go to the bathroom and discover with horror a picture on the floor. A picture of someone I don't know. I directly show it to my husband who does not recognize this person either, and I send a message to my friends with whom I spent the evening to find out if they know her (I thought that maybe the picture would have been stuck to my clothes and would have fall off when I got home). Nobody recognize that person. Once again, I asked my husband to check every rooms of the house. Again, nothing to report.  All these little incidents aren't terribly scary on their own, but it's starting to make me nervous. I am currently 6 months pregnant and I have a terrible feeling of being watched at night in my house. Every two night, I wake up panicked, either because of a nightmare or with the impression that someone has entered my house (there is few risk that someone will come into my house without me noticing, I have a very expressive husky that keep our house) and as soon as I wake up, my husband is seized with a very impressive spasm.  If you have any idea what is happening to me, please give me information, I'm pretty despair to be honest ! I also upload the picture I found in my bathroom (I already tried to search it on Google but there is no result).  https://preview.redd.it/ori3itg6prv91.jpg?width=1080&format=pjpg&auto=webp&s=3b812f7acff40219d5ee3f0bd6e3c6ea4bb9bc05 Share some stories related to Halloween I could use for a YouTube video if you’re okay with it. Thanks <3    I’ll share mine. When I was younger I’d often go treat or treating in my friends neighbourhood because her neighbourhood was more family friendly and actually hosted events. I lived in a condo so I didn’t really have much going on where I was. Anyways, we went trick or treating, we were around 8 or 9 at the time. I remember as we walked down the neighbourhood I’d randomly see people or figures in the corner of my eye and when I’d look there was no one there. Deadass it wasn’t someone who was there and walked away, I thought I was tripping at first but it happened for like 3 times that night I’d say. That was the first time it ever happened to me.  Fast forward to last year. I was 19 and it started to happen again and happens to this day. I’m don’t really believe in paranormal stuff but not totally closed minded towards it. I’ll often drive, or walk or mind my business and I’ll see a figure (male or female does not matter, sometimes even animals) and when I look again it’s nothing.  The figure in the corner of my eye looks like a normal none threatening person, so it does not alarm me. But I don’t really understand it. I’ve explained it to my friends before but obviously no one can believe it till it happens to them. This is my only weird experience, I just see figures sometimes in the corner of my eye.    To begin I must tell you about my house, it is a brick farmhouse built in the 1860s with a fairly decent plot of land with it. I did not move here at a young age, I lived in this house my whole life and I have seen many things that have made me know that there is ghosts and more in this life. Behind my house used to be a cemetery but they decided to move the bodies and rumor has it there are still a few out there that have not been uncovered. This is a rather short story but I feel it is the best one to begin my little series with. And now I shall begin.    It was a summer day I had just gotten home from school and the bus ride felt long almost too long. I had gotten off the bus and my Dad waited after work to pick us up from the bus, my brother and sister sat up front with my Dad and with no other option, I sat in the bed of the truck, I was just off in my drowsiness as we were getting closer to the house. When we were close to the area where my parents park I noticed what looked to be the end of a white sheet blow into the machine shed. Once parked I began to walk down to the barn thinking it was a sheet that had blown off the clothes line due to the wind so I was going to retrieve it for my Mom. Now that I'm older and I think about it there was not enough wind to pick a sheet up that high in the air.     As I walked down closer there was no white sheet, it was not in the barn, it was nowhere to be found. I don't know what it was, after that happened I didn't say anything for fear of my parents thinking I was just making things up but I know what I saw and if anyone has an idea as to what it could be I would love to hear. Its night i was at indian festival call diwali i was happy i use many firework soo me and my sister go at storeroom to get more fireworks when i was taking fireworks my sister say letss goo fast run run i say what happen then i heard someone coming from 1st floor no one live in 1st floor i heard walking noice when i try to check i saw i shadow getting big big and more big and looking at me and my sister then idk how whole house light got cut and shadow is coming on me and my sister then we start running in plot then we talk to mom and dad explain what happen then they check they saw I shadow standing on 1st floor looking at us then we just go out from house and call priest they said there is spirit then they clean our house with holy water after that this never happened again but still we get negative feelingPeace to all.   I used to rent a room in Hartford . My landlady and her kid also shared the house, and for a time another woman (who bounced a check and was evicted). I lived in her master bedroom. It was a small house with glass doorknobs and wooden floors, quite nice, maybe built in the thirties. You had to walk up a small hill to get into the house. This house was near Trinity College in a so-so area. It was actually a really cool neighborhood, esp. around Halloween, and the neighbors went all out for the holidays with decorations. Her husband was deceased.   The house from the beginning felt stressful. I had some strange experiences. The first one was finding the words "blood" and "f---" spray painted behind the stairs in her laundry area. I didn't know who did it or why and was too scared to ask. I was raised a superstititous Catholic so seeing that freaked me out.   The next weird experience happened when my landlady was at her boyfriend's house, who lived in another town. She would go there some weekends and leave me . Her kid would stay at a friend's house. One night I was in her living room. She had a pellet stove and it made the house very cozy in the winter time. I was sitting by it when I had the overwhelming feeling that someone was in the room, standing next to me. I left and went upstairs, quite freaked.   Things got weirder then. The room I was in felt increasingly colder at night, for no reason. And then it happened. One night I woke up around four thirty in the morning and looked at the coffee table at the end of the room. I saw it then. It was a dark face with curly hair surrounding it, kind of hovering there and staring at me. It had no features, but I knew somehow it was a man's face. I screamed and turned on the light.  Later the landlady's boyfriend told me out of the blue that my landlady's dead husband had beat her and the neighbors called him evil. And my landlady, who was very proud of her son, showed me a photo of her son as a little boy. His father was in it, and he had curly hair.   I think I somehow manifested this person's dark spirit, or else sensed an emotional imprint, because what I felt in that room that night was definitely something evil. Okay, I know it sounds crazy but please hear me out. I know people say it’s hallucinations because you miss your loved ones, but this is not that. It started when I was 4 and my Auntie Pat died from lupus. Before my mom told my brother and I the news, I saw my auntie. She came in my room while I was watching TV and sat on my bed and rubbed my hair. She had just done my braids and it wasn’t uncommon for her to come around anytime so I assumed she was visiting. She walked out of the door and I found it weird that she hadn’t spoke, but I was 4 so I left it alone. I only remember this vividly because the next morning my mom told us she had died the previous afternoon. After I asked her why she visited last night, she looked shocked and told me I was dreaming. This has happened to me with every loved one since. I’ve lost several aunties and uncles, my 2 year old cousin, my grandpa, my great-grandpa, my bestfriend, and several close friends since then. Every time, they come to me and sit quietly before leaving. The next day, or even a few hours later, I always get news that they’ve passed. The most recent was my baby’s father, who I had last saw in January. I live in an apartment now and when I saw him standing at my room door on May 22, I knew he was dead. He came at sat with me, holding my hand and kissing my forehead and when he left I broke down knowing once again someone I loved would be leaving me. I got the call a few hours later around 5 in the morning, he had passed at 12am and I saw him at 2am.My best friend passed away in 2014. I was in school at the time so I was distraught and didn’t know how I would carry on living. To this day, even being married with kids, I’m still feeling like my life is just an epilogue, like my life was paused that day I found out he died. Fair to say, I was gutted.   Anyways, I got really into my PC gaming, and I would play counter strike with my other friends that I met on college. And it’s funny because thinking back on it, I never felt alone even when it was just me when my friends were all busy.   One night, I dreamt about him. He met me at the spear pillar (a location from a Pokémon game we both loved) and he hugged me and it was as if his young self had matured while being 2-3 years on the other side, I felt his stubble against my cheek. It was very surreal.   Further on, he told me that I need to stop worrying and that he’s always with me, be it on the bus, chilling at home or at college. He said he was always there. Then he said something that quite frankly blew my mind, he mentioned how it’s nice of me to keep the spot at the end of my bed clear for him to sit down on, as it’s his favourite spot every night, he loves watching me play csgo, especially with my mates, the conversations made him laugh. He said no matter where I am he’ll find me and keep me company. It’s crazy because subconsciously I would always clear my bed and bearing in mind my room wasn’t always the tidiest! (As an adult I’ve gotten better at being tidy hahaha)   I’m so glad to have met him, and even when I’m away on deployment or even putting my kids to bed, I still feel him around and it makes me feel happy and very nostalgic!   In 2017 I got a tattoo dedicated to him too! It was my first ever tattoo!  I just miss my friend. It’s been 8 years since my mother died. She had an aggressive form of cancer which killed her in a few months. I was her primary caregiver and that meant no sleep, not much eating and getting a lot of crap from her, while doing my best to make her comfortable.   It must be mentioned, we never had a good relationship and this maybe influenced everything I’m about to write.   Over the last month before her death she had all sorts of emotions to work through, mostly fear, anger and resentment (partly towards me).  I remember she would sleep for a few minutes at a time and then wake up screaming and pulling at her clothes, saying that I had to bring her street clothes and get her out of there because “they” are coming. All the while looking horrified at the upper left corner of the room. I always tried to keep calm, to calm her down, explaining that I can’t do that, we were living in the upper level in a building without elevators and I simply couldn’t carry her 5 floors down.   The moment she passed I made a stupid mistake: I asked her, while crying, to not leave me alone. If she ever listened to me, she did it then. She stuck around for about 6 years, in my dreams, always making her presence known through noises and smells, and so on.   In our culture it is customary to have a mass, 40 days after the passing of someone. It includes setting a table for a few people, calling a priest over, sorting through the belongings of the passed one and gifting what could be worn or used. As I was preparing for that it had gotten a little late, about 22:00 and I had nowhere else to go. So I had to sleep at her apartment, on the same sofa where she died. There was no other possibility for me to sleep and so I made myself ready for bed.   In order to look for an explanation for what followed, one could say that I was really tired and stressed, and also terrified to sleep in her bed. All true, but I know what I felt and what I heard.   I left the front door open, the lights on and a radio on low volume. I wasn’t so afraid of someone walking in on me as I was of ghosts.  So I lay on the sofa, cover my head with the sheet and close my eyes. At some point I heard the front door creaking just a bit, so I opened my eyes and looked towards it. The radio turned to white noise and all I could hear were heavy footsteps on the creaking floorboards. My mother was a big woman in her healthy years and the steps I heard where that of a heavier person. Only problem is, there was no one there. The light was on so I could see clearly all the way to the front door.   Next to the sofa there was this fake leather armchair and you know how this makes a bit of noise when someone sits in it? Well, the footsteps stop in front of it, and I heard how someone put their entire weight in it and it creaked. My eyes must have been bulging out of my head and I was sure I was going to start screaming my head off any second now.  The chair kept making that noise, like someone sat in it and they pushed themselves back to find a comfortable position to sit.   Somehow I found the strength to sit myself up, all the while looking at the chair, and I said: mom, please let me sleep. I’m tired, you know how much I worked today, tomorrow we will have the mass and then it’s over with.   I kid you not, the noise stopped, the radio started playing again, I put my head on the pillow and didn’t wake up until the morning.  I don’t think I dreamed about it or imagined it, it was too clear and too sharp for it to be just a dream.    I’m sorry for any spelling mistakes, English isn’t my first language and I tried my best to not mix up tenses. when i was younger about 4 or 5 i had a rocking horse that my aunt had bought at a yard sale, the horse would always rock on its own and my parents would say i was talking to someone that wasn’t there, one day i was playing in my room alone and i seen a little blue boy he was all blue and was a little see through he pushed me off my horse and i started screaming and crying, we later got rid of the horse and put it in my grandmas attic, one time my grandma was babysitting me and we went in the attic for clay and i seen the horse i tried to ignore it but my grandma got a phone call and had to go downstairs while i was getting the clay i heard something move i turned around and the horse was moving i ran out of there and i never went back in her attic My friends are tired of this story, so I’m going to inflict it on you.  I’ve house-sit for hundreds of families, and only once was the place haunted.       I was  pet-sitting in a fancy part of town. Many of the homes aren't visible for the street, the lots are set back on acres and acres. One of the houses i sat for even had a private lake. This was a charming cabin on a winding, precarious gravel road.  It was dark, quiet, with tons of animals. This was a few days after Halloween.   I hear a racket coming from the upstairs around 11 pm. squirrels, maybe.  The next night, the racket is back at 11 pm sharp. The dog gets upset, whining and running in circles finally pissing in the corner. She’s known as the Iron Bladder, so this was unthinkable to me. We had been out only three hours previously. The racket is getting louder. Sounds like someone is walking around upstairs. Banging into things. At this point I'm scared. I call my witchy friend and she suggests I do a circle of protection. The racket dies down. We go out to the kitchen, and I see a thing in the rafters, only visible for a second. It looks like an invisible person wearing a white sheet, twirling briefly then disappearing. (Way to confirm to a stereotype, ghost 🙄). I do a protection circle, dog sits a respectable distance away while I turn in circles with a knife pointing outwards. Dog runs up to me when I finish and put the knife down, she's licking me happily.  I tell the owner that he has squirrels in the attic. He says he doesn't have an attic. I go up the stairs and see that it's an old bedroom.  My boyfriend tries to tell me that it was in my head. I try to forget this happened, but I am a jumpy mess every time I house-sit. I start declining gigs. 6 months pass. It's time for our next gig in the haunted house and I meet the owner for a walk.  (I’m pretty much convinced myself nothing happened and besides it’s really good money). He starts telling me about his son who died roughly a year ago on the property. That he believes in spirits, and he saw a giant buck pause and stare at him. “I believe that was my son." I smile and nod, unwilling to tell him I'm pretty sure I saw his son, too.  I dogsit for him again. I go for a swim in his pool, but feel something is off. I put my hands down on the side of the pool to pull myself out- and there are large handprints to either sides of my hands. I pull myself out quickly. I try to forget about what happened. But I never sat for them again. (It ended messily,  and it was my fault, but that’s beside the point). Saw this sub and thought I'd put this here, someone might find it interesting. I live in an apartment block, the doors are very heavy, if anyone in the corridor shuts a door, all the doors rattle/jolt. And I got used to it, if the people down the corridor are in and out the kitchen, my door will make a brief rattle when their kitchen door shuts. It used to make me jump but now I'm used to it and it's whatever. This wasn't what happened, I'll try and explain it, I was sitting at my desk, and my door starts rattling for no reason. There was no one in the corridor, no one in the kitchen, and no ones been outside for ages. It was completely quiet, these are fire doors, they either slam for half a second or they stay silent, there's no in between. Anyway, I'm at my desk and there's no one out there, and my door starts to jiggle. And I put it off as just living in not great accommodation. The rattling continued, it was getting louder and more violent. So I go outside to check, motion senser lights are off, no ones been in this corridor for ages. So I go back to my stuff, and it immediately starts again. And this goes on for 20 minutes, I checked about 3 times and everytime, nothing out there. I messaged the corridor and asked if anyone else had it and they all said no. It was like someone was trying to get in, like pushing on the door and rattling the handle. These fire doors will only make noise if someone else slams a door down the hall and then it'll jolt. But it'll never do this 20 minute non-stop rattle that gets progressively more aggressive. After 20 minutes, it just suddenly stopped, and it's never happened since. Anyway, I thought it was a fun story and maybe someone on this sub will like itSo, my grandpa on my mom's side died about 6-7 years ago. He's always stuck around, usually can identify him by the smell of cigarette smoke or tv channels changing suddenly.   Just last week, my grandma remarried. It was awesome, everyone is happy for her. At the wedding, I sat near the back (so that my kiddos didn't interrupt the ceremony) and was tit was there I felt my grandpa. When my grandma came out of the changing room in her wedding gown this overwhelming feeling of happiness and sadness filled me, and I could feel him standing right behind me. I bawled my eyes out. She was beautiful, I think he thought so too.   She had asked my mom months ago if it was okay for her to move on and I think that confirmed it, 100%. He just wants her to be happy.   I just wanted to share that experience, even though it wasn't spooky. Just sweet and emotional for me. Hello there everyone. Today, if you will indulge me. I would like tell you a few of the times I have had paranormal experience, and seen paranormal stuff. There aren’t any images or anything so sadly I just have my own memory to go off of. These are multiple small stories but are all 100% true. These however do take place in two different locations. I changed a name just for privacy reasons. But that is the ONLY thing that is altered in these stories. Everything is again, 100% true. This may be a longer post. So with out anymore stalling let’s get started.   This first story is the only one that I can not remember given the fact that was only 3 or 4 years old. So this is my mothers telling of the story.    This all begins about 19 years ago. The house that my parents first moved into was originally an old church, but was remodeled into being a house. Not much of the old church was left in the house minus the wood flooring in the den. Now apparently. My parents had heard choir music, the sounds of boots on hard wood floors and had even seen a shadow figure once.   But as for what happened to me. My parents where trying to move me from sleeping in there bedroom to my own. But for some reason I wouldn’t do it. My only reason being “I was scared to.” So my mom asked me. “Why, are you sleep scared to sleep in your own room. Do you need a nightlight maybe?” And apparently, I said and I quote. “Because of the tall dark man in the corner over there.” Then apparently I pointed over to a corner of my room where, surprise surprise, no one was.   A few other things happened in that house, but none to me personally. If there is interest I can make a separate post on it.   Fast forward a few years and we are at our second house. Now this is where shit starts to get crazy.  I feel like I should preface by saying there is a room in my house. We'll just call it the den. Since day one of being in this house I NEVER liked that room. I felt like I was being watched every time I was alone in there. So I did everything in my power to stay out of that room. I still do even to this day.   The first incident was when I was no older then 9 or 10. It was the last day of school for me and my little brother Mark. Me, My mom and Mark where at our house. Mark realized he left his towel at school and needed to go back and get it. My mom then turns to me and said "are you okay staying at the house for 10 mins while we go back up to the school and get it?" I said I was. (The school is less then a mile from where we where at.)   A few minutes after they left, I am sitting in the living room and I start to hear My Mom and Mark talking from my mother bathroom. Even though, I am completely home alone. I then hear them start to laugh. Then it stops. And everything was quiet. A few minutes later My Mom and Mark walked back into the house. However, 10 year old me didn't even bother to mention it for some reason.   A few years go by until the next incident.  Now before we keep going I need to explain two things to you dear reader. First thing, I need to tell you that personally I am very much so a night owl. Staying up to 3 or 4 in the morning is nothing new to me. The second thing. In my house there is a hallway. At one end is the front door, at the other end is the back door. Now, this hallway has 3 door ways/ entry ways. The den, the kitchen, and my parents room. The kitchen has a bar so you are able to see the whole living room and into my parents room, if their door is open. And then further up next to the front door is the den.   This next story takes place a few months ago, around 2-ish at night. I am standing in the kitchen washing dishes. And as I am doing so I hear two things crystal fucking clear coming from the den down the hallway. I hear an old man go "Shhhh" followed by a little girl giggling. I freeze in the middle of what I'm doing. I am the only person awake right now, I don't have a little sister, and both Mark and My dad are asleep. I am the ONLY person awake. Now, at this point I am panicking on the inside, however I am trying to keep my composure on the outside. I turn off the water in the sink and walk to my parents bedroom. I then shake my dad awake and say "Is there anyone else in this house besides Me, You, and Mark?" He simply said "No there isn't." and just falls back asleep. Annoyed, I walk out of my parents room and I am immediately looking down the hallway. Right towards the den and, there's nothing. Just like there should be. I sigh and go back to doing dishes because I still have chores that need to be done.   The next night. Again, same story. I'm doing dishes. Now, something to note. I had just stood up and my shorts slipped a bit I pulled them back up, however the front half of my shirt is now untucked, while the back half is tucked into my shorts. As I am washing dishes. I feel something grab the back of my shirt and pop it. Untucking my shorts completely. I just simple ignore it and keep doing dishes. But again, inside I am fucking terrified.   A few months go by where nothing happens. Just the same old feeling that you're being watched. Where ever you go.  Until, one night. I am heading to bed. Now this involves making sure the front and back door are both locked. So, first thing I check the front door. Its locked. So, I walk down the hallway, reach the back door and then lock it. I then turn around, and I see half a person walking into my den. The lower half. It cut off right at the waist. Now, this person was completely see through and sorta gray. Like the ghost in the [Harry Potter movies](https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/harrypotter/images/d/db/Ghost_carollers.jpg/revision/latest?cb=20110619001435) (I hope that hyperlink works) So. I stand there for a few seconds. In pure disbelief at what I just saw. I then very quickly walk to my room and shut the door behind me.   The most recent incident was last month. This time, I was not the only person awake, however I was the only person in the house. My dad was out in the garage working. So. I am standing in the kitchen eating a sandwich. Its important to note as well, My parents door was open in this story. So, I look up for from my food for a second. And I see again, half a person standing in my parents room. But this time, its the top half. I look back down at my food. Its only after about a half of a second that my brain processed what the hell I just saw. I then quickly look back up and into my parents room, and there is nothing. No one was there.   Now, here we are in the percent day. Nothing new has happened as of late. However the feeling of being watched at night grows stronger by the day. And before anyone ask. No, I am not the only person who has experienced stuff. Both my parents and Mark have as well. Anyways. Thank you for allowing me the chance to hopefully entertain you, or even scare you it I’m lucky! I hope you enjoyed my stories. If anything happens I will be sure to write another post. So I associate this as one of my ghost stories because I’m not really sure what was talking to me, but let’s begin..  Growing up I was an avid skateboarder. I did it everyday all day and it was my transportation all over the town where I grew up. I even hung out at a skateboard shop downtown everyday after school.    Well when I was about 16 I went to the skateboard shop and it was closed so I went to a nearby school to skate instead.     Shortly after arriving a boy walked up to my friend and I. He was about 19 with dark hair and looked like a normal guy. He asked to try my skateboard and I said sure. He went on to tell us how he used to do drugs and stuff till he found god and kind of went on to tell us his life story. After a few more attempts at tricks he asked me if I’d play him skate (for those who don’t know it’s like H.O.R.S.E. But on skateboards).     I said sure why not, and he said “if I win you let me talk to you about god. If you win You can tell me off.” So I agreed knowing I wasn’t going to lose. And I didn’t.     We shook hands and he said let me just tell you one thing god wants you to know.    Well growing up I was a bit shy and I had been raised to not be rude and I didn’t want to tell him I really didn’t care. So I let him talk.     Here’s where it gets interesting.   By this point my friend had left and it was just me and this 19 year old fellow and his pocket bible. He goes to a page he has marked and starts talking about gods will. I don’t remember a single word of what he said. What I do remember is him saying “now the devil is going to try to stop me from telling you this next line”    Right then my mom calls.     She asks where I’m at and tells me it’s time to come home. I found this odd because it was only about 5 and I normally stayed out till 8 or 9. I told her I’ll head home in a minute and the phone call ends. He asks me who it was and I said my mom and I gotta go and he said ok let me just tell you this real quick and goes on to read me the verse and explain it to me.     That went on for about 10 minutes roughly.   He gets to another marked page and says “the devil doesn’t want you to know this either so he’s going to try and stop me again”  My phone rings   It’s my mom.   She’s blatantly more aggravated and tells me I need to come home and I tell her I’ll be there soon.  He asks who it was and I tell him my mom again. He just gives me a look. A look like “i told you so”   So I tell him I gotta go and he said “let me just tell you this last verse real quick.” I felt awkward and didn’t want to be rude and say no so I told him to be quick.  He tells me it and explains it and another 10 minutes pass by.    He gets to another page and he says “the devil really doesn’t want you to hear this. He’s going to try and stop me again”  My mom calls. Screaming at me to get home. So I tell him I have to go I’m in trouble. So he says “let me just tell you the verse real quick” and he does and when he finishes I finally stand my ground and leave. I rush home which takes about 15-20 minutes. The whole way home I felt out of body. Like I wasn’t myself. Well I probably got home about 630 (the time line is all guessing since it’s been 12 years)  I walk in the house and let my mom know I’m home. She’s completely calm no anger in her voice when she said “you’re home early” I said “you called me and told me to get home”     She said “I never called you”    I still don’t remember a single word from the Bible verses. Still gives me goose bumps when I tell it. Just one of my experiences with the paranormal. I'm mainly writing this because I want to share them before they get lost to time forever; I have a terrible memory. They're very few, and for all I know they were just "episodes" or something (I like to gaslight myself lol) but I'm still going to make an account of each one.   1. The Native I was very young when this happened. I think maybe 5 or 6? I was sleeping in my houses' playroom. It was nighttime. I can't remember why I was sleeping there instead of my bedroom, but I think my older brother was there too. If I had to make a guess, our church at the time would often do these vigils at churchgoers' houses so maybe our living room was filled with faithful blocking off the way to our bedrooms; us children ignored for spiritual matters. Maybe not. I really don't remember. Anyway, I woke up in the middle of the night. Or maybe I had never been asleep at all, and had just been laying there? What I do remember clearly is that from the open doorway I could see into the hall. There was a very tall dark man wearing what to me seemed like Native American clothing, just passing through. Or perhaps he was wearing Native American inspired clothing. Either way, I had never seen that man in my life, or a man remotely similar in appearance. I immediately just recognized it as a ghost, but I wasn't instantly paralyzed with fear. I just decided I would ignore it and go back to sleep, or whatever I was doing laying on the floor.   2. The Prankster I was maybe 10? 11? 12? I was alone in my mom's friend's house's kid's room lol. Everyone was somewhere else. The girl to whom the room belonged was off with the other girls her age playing. The boys were all crowded together playing video games in one room (I presume, because I'd seen them do it many times before). The adults were off somewhere else, probably chatting to pass the time. I was the only one sitting in this particular room, watching television. I remember there was a Selena Gomez song called "Love You Like A Love Song" playing on the Disney Channel. I liked the song. But suddenly I began to get this bad feeling. Where was everyone? Why was I all alone in this room? I was a loner and would usually go somewhere where I wouldn't be disturbed (or more accurately, not have to suffer my already terrible at this age social anxiety) but I usually didn't feel so... unsafe. Maybe because it was nighttime. Anyway, the TV shut off, just as I was beginning to muse this. I had weird fantasies at the time (and still do sometimes tbh, it makes life more interesting to not rule the possibility of magic or things of an occult or supernatural nature out, even if you don't necessarily consider yourself a believer lol) so I thought "Woah! Am I like Matilda or something?" lol. The honest truth is probably that I was just trying to distract my mind from the sudden chill I got down my spine. I couldn't ignore whatever presence was in the room much longer, however, when I suddenly felt something blow in my left ear from the direction of the open door to the room... or was it closed? I don't remember now. I turned around only to find nobody there. I then pieced it together, I thought. The TV was shut off from somewhere else. Someone was playing a prank on me. Probably one of the boys. They had probably just run out of the room as I was turning around. I called out my older brother's name and ran out of the room into the hallway only to find once again... nobody. Not even a sign of a disturbance. It was eerily quiet. My social anxiety prevented me from going to check on the boys' room, but I could tell that in that moment I was truly alone, everyone else preoccupied. I can't remember what I decided to do next. If I went back into the room to endure my fear alone or if I eventually got the courage to knock on that door. All I know is I never got an answer for that night. My older brother might occasionally tease and be a nuisance but he wasn't very known for playing pranks like this. Especially not on me. And my younger brother didn't have what it took to play a prank like this. It could have been one of the other kids. But I probably checked with them. Anyway, who knows.  3. The Stalker Neighbor... Or demon? The last one I have on file in my memory bank to date as of writing this.  13? 14? 15? My own room in the projects we lived in at the time. Danky room. Depressed girl. Trying to write in my journal. Or read a book. Or sing a song. I don't know what. Night. The projects could be beautiful at night. When you open your window and look out into the streetlights casting patterns onto the pavement and grassy mounds. But my window curtain wasn't open tonight. It was closed. And through it, cast in the glow of some light source, for some reason, the distinct outline of a man. I don't know HOW that made sense. I didn't know how that could make sense then either. I was very confused. Especially when I opened the curtain only to find no one there, and yet the distinct shadow still crystal clear. Unchanged, completely still. Let me be extra clear, this curtain, it's not like fabric curtains that hang from a metal pole that fold in on themselves and can be very easy to see shadows and things in them. This curtain is literally like a sheet of paper. No curves or creases. Flat and translucent. Nothing like that had ever happened before. I closed it and opened it many times. No one outside. The lots and yards were completely empty. Or was there a man there? I know this sounds crazy, but trust me that when I say I have a bad memory I REALLY mean it. Whatever there was, man or no man, that shadow, that feeling of being watched, terrified (and fascinated) me. I ran downstairs to get my mom to come see it. Come see the strange shadow in my curtain. I made her run up the stairs as fast as possible, but despite all my haste, fear and excitement, the shadow was gone as soon as I returned with mom in tow.  4? This could have easily been just seeing things so I don't know whether to count it as true. But I swear by the truth of what I felt rather than what I saw, that way it can't be said I'm not being 100% truthful. So my mom and I clean houses for a living, houses that construction companies clean out and renovate or whatever before selling them. (Yeah, sorry for the terrible ill-informed description there, barely a high school graduate for a reason lol). We arrive one day to a house and we're confused. Is this the actual house? But already, looking at the house, it feels so OCCUPIED. I got this feeling, someone definitely lives here. This isn't the right house. As we're turning in to the driveway, the windows look to me like they have black curtains hanging inside. And then, I see a white hand pulling open the black curtains as if wondering "Who is suddenly pulling into my driveway?" And then close them again, as if thinking "Must be a mistake or something." I tell my mom this. I say, "Mom, someone lives here. There's definitely someone in there." or something to that effect, 100% confident of what I saw. But then she says "Let me pray for you real quick." (In Spanish, of course.) Then we step outside and I'm confused. Did someone potentially break into the house? Maybe I should bring a weapon inside. But then when we go inside, there's no curtain. The house looks completely normal and empty inside. That feeling of being occupied isn't there anymore. My mom says "You might have seen a ghost." And then I understand why she prayed for me. I'm not a very superstitious person. It could have just been a trick of the light. It was nighttime after all (or very early morning). But, yeah. Who knows?  Sorry if this comes off as something with sort of flowery language. I just wanted to make it interesting and compelling to read. I'm not really a writer (although I wish I were talented enough to be lol). I swear on my soul that these are all true accounts written to the utmost authenticity I could manage. Thank you for reading. So I don't like to post ghost experience about when I am sleeping because people tend to think I was experiencing sleep paralysis (even though I know when I am having sleep paralysis) but here we go.  So I always get wake up calls from unexplained voice, happens all the time but this one in particular was the strangest:  I was sleeping but my dream was blank and suddenly I hears this loud 'hey' stretching around my room which made me instantly wake up (fully awake and moving), the voice bounced around my room as if faded away, I laid in the silent for a moment, thinking it might be outside noises or my house being robbed, the room had a strange atmosphere and seemed darker then usual, so I wait for a moment my heart is beating fast and out of nowhere, I feel this breathe on my neck, it heavy and harboured like it had been running, I laid stoke still for moment until I felt like some nonexistent was touching my neck, like a rub pat of a finger, I slowly pulled my blanket up to my neck, trying to stop this feeling and just like that it was gone. My room seemed to clear up and I got out of bed went to the bathroom.   I hate those encounters the most. This needs a backstory so you can look at my last post here but basically me and my friend got in contact with something very powerful, and ever since then, including later that night when im driving and it's dark, I see orange flashing orbs appear in the sky.  These orbs show up on video but my friend could not see them even though we were in same spot, but she could see it on my phone screen.  I don't know what this is or what to do I’m not sure if I’m doing this right. Okay so get ready for this. I live in a  small town with a few neighbors around me on a corner. A man across the street was killed by Street Gang, Apparently he was killed for touching or grooming his nieces or daughters but I’m not 100% sure if so it were just rumors. With that being said. Some nights I see a black figure under a street light ; most of the time I spot him with my peripherals of my eyes. I’ve never seen him directly. After a night of speaking with my neighbors. They’ve too seen the silhouette under a Bright Street light. They’ve said “ I see it once in a blue moon but never directly” in my true opinion. I believe he was killed in cold blood. He never laid a finger on the niece or daughters. If he’s still here on earth (why would he be here) id say the nieces or daughters hold on to him. Believing he did not do anything wrong. So why’d stay roaming the lonely night?Once, I was just chilling in my house one day and I heard a noise. It sounded like 3 knocks on the door. I checked and no one was there. Then I heard a loud crash from the kitchen. I went to see and the milk was all over the floor! I mopped it up and went to my living room. I noticed a picture of me had been drawn on. A lot of pranks have been happening since then, and someone is making messes. I think it might be a poltergeist. For example, I saw a carton of orange juice dump itself onto the couch. Another time, I was looking through my cupboards and I found a half eaten sandwich.On a Sunday,I went to church but when I came home, I found my bed been filled with paint. And someone has smudged food all over the walls. And whenever I leave, there is always some new mess that’s been made. My car has been egged from the inside, every time I go to the bathroom there is Saran Wrap under the lid, in the middle of the night I feel like some kid is jumping on me, and my devices have been covered in honey more than I can count. PLEASE HELP!!!! When I was around 12 years old I was at my cousin's house for a party (pretty sure it was around Christmas time). We where hanging out in their backyard and woods (part of their backyard is wooded area) and came to this tree that used to have a tree house in it. All that is left of that tree house is some steps leading to it and a few platforms (not safe to get up if you can even at all). My cousin (8 M at the time) told us this story about how the kids who had that tree house had died when it collapsed. I, personally, thought this was a bunch of B's but went with it.   We eventually headed back to the house but I decided to go back into the woods alone. As I was walking into the woods I felt a strange sense of calm wash over me, like I was safe there, safer then anywhere else. As I'm walking I'm looking around and I see a light blue and white checkered flag up in a super thin tree that I didn't notice before. As I'm looking at this and trying to figure out how it got there I started to her kids voices, laughing, talking, just having fun. I didn't think to much of it at the time as my cousins were out in the tree house (a new one they built not the old run down one).  As I'm walking closer to the old tree house the voices seem louder and I look back up at the flag. It was moving despite there not being any wind. I shock it off as I couldn't feel the wind from down here but up there there was wind and looked back down. That's when I say them. Six children with white skin, like snow white skin (there was no snow on the ground btw). They all seemed to be wearing winter gear, though dull and dirty looking. They were walking towards me but I didn't run, I wasn't afraid for some reason. I heard a branch snap and that's when I ran.  As I went back towards my cousin's house I was surprised to see that they weren't outside. I found them in the living room playing video games. When I asked them when they came in they said, "When you were walking to the woods. Why?" The kids I heard weren't them.   Still don't know to this day who those kids were.  They weren't other neighbor kids as non if them lived close to my cousins. Were they a figment of my imagination? Whatever it was it's one of the reason I believe. For context, shes my great aunt, and recently died within the last few months. I have a ghost app called Ghost Hunting, and I have two friends who are clairvoyant. They were doing the essence(?) method. I had the app open, and the first word i get was “Sandra” her legal name. She went by Sandy so I just thought it was a mistake until one of my friends said that there was an old lady presence. The next couple words I got on the app were things that I knew were Sandy. I got purple (Her favorite color), Children (She raised her brothers and sisters along with other ppls kids), and blanket (She died with a blanket that we gave her on). After this I decided to ask if we were speaking to her. My friend said yes (still blindfolded with headphones), and my other friend who was also doing the the essence method said yes at the same time. I asked how she was doing, and we got a couple different answers “I’m alright” and “I’m doing okay now.” I asked her a couple more questions, specifically about her dog Chloe. We got the responses “I found her” “She’s happy too” and “Happy” (On the app).  After this for around 20 minutes I felt a pressure on my shoulder, it was randomly comforting.Ok, just as a preface, I have been experiencing supernatural phenomena since I was about 5. This is my first time sharing on reddit. I have chosen to start with something small and simple that won’t take long to explain as this didn’t actually happen to me, but my husband.  This happened a couple years ago, on New Year Eve.  It was after 3AM maybe. I was asleep with my husband in the bed. My husband said that something awoke him from his sleep. His side of the bed faces out dresser mirror. He said that in the darkness of the room, he could see my silhouette in the mirror. He thought to himself, oh, that’s my wife. But then he realized that this couldn’t be me. You see, I’m only 5’1. But this shadow version of me was as tall as our closet, at about 7’ tall. He rolled over to see me still in the bed but the shadow was now gone. You know, he didn’t tell me about the incident until a few months later. He told me he didn’t want me to be frightened, which was sweet of him but kind of makes me laugh, given all the high strangeness I’ve witness over the years. That’s my story for today. Thanks for letting me share. The tales I’m about to recount are both from my perspective, having occurred around 2004-2007 or so. There are two individual experiences that happened in this particular home, one alongside my sister, and then one I experienced perhaps two years later alone.  I don’t remember the exact age of the home, but it was around 200 years old, built in the 1800s, in NH. It is worth noting we only lived in that house between the years I referenced. I was about 12 or 13 when the events took place.   The first experience took place late at night. My sister and I were outside the front door of her downstairs apartment. We had been packing some of her items into her car and stopped for a quick breather. Suddenly we heard a sound from inside. She had a lighthouse magnet on the fridge that, when physically pressed, made the sound of a fog horn. Well, we looked at each other dumbfounded as the magnet fog horn played!  We waited a minute, and it went off again. It continued to intermittently play, and eventually we were so spooked we drove to our dads house late at night. We have had that magnet to this day and not once since has it reproduced this behavior.   Two or so years later, I was upstairs in the top floor bedroom of the house, alone in my room at night, and laying in bed, very much awake.  The only other person was my mother downstairs asleep in her room. My room had a walk in closet, and inside the closet was part of the chimney and the door to a crawl space on the roof. The doors to the closet were closed.   I was recounting the day, when I heard a noise that caught my attention. I figured it was a cat and dismissed it from my mind. Eventually I heard the sound become louder, and in time started to focus on it. It was at this point that I thought I heard a voice, and as it got louder it seemed to be coming from the closet! By this point I believed I was hallucinating, so I sat up in bed to ideally clear my head. I hadn’t dozed off but figured maybe I had been falling asleep. I was attempting to rationalize the situation. As I sat up, I heard the voice a moment later the loudest it had been, uttering the same word I had heard whispered already a half dozen times before: “buuuuuurn”, long, drawn out, in a tired hiss emanating from behind the closet doors.  I was stunned and scared beyond belief. I heard it one more time and darted out the door to the staircase going downstairs.   To this day I have always believed that house to be haunted. Part of me thinks the noise I heard at night was perhaps an animal that had snuck into the attic, but I will never know for sure. I haven’t had any other experiences since. Thank you for reading. This story is 100% true and not fiction. It might not be scary, but it’s very odd. Backstory, my grandmas fiancée passed away from cancer when I was less than a year old; I’ll call him Peter Smith in this story. He was buried the province over from us. A few years ago, my mom, me, and my grandma were going to visit his grave on his birthday or death anniversary (it was one of the two, I can’t remember right now). The morning of, my grandma  was getting ready for us to pick her up. She got a phone call, and answered it. It was a doctor, saying my grandma was the first contact for this matter, and that Peter's test results were in. She has a brother named Peter as well, so she asked "my brother?" The doctor responded "No, Peter Smithson." My grandma was shocked, and said he died years ago. The doctor said there must've been a mixup, and hung up. We went on the roadtrip, and my grandma was still in shock the whole time. Now, any other day of the year, this could've been written off, but on his death anniversary/bday, it isn't. Plus his real name is not common, so I don't know. This is one of my ghost stories I tell. My childhood home was an old suburban home but behind my house which was at the end of a cul-de-sac was acres of woods. I was like 13 years old and I would sleep in my dads bed because I was too scared to sleep alone. I wake up everything is dark everyone is asleep. My bedroom was across the hall. So across the hall in my bedroom sitting on my bed was a black shadow of what I believe is a child. My dad and brother saw it too. It would turn on our radio really loud. It would flicker the lights all the time to the point where the light would always go out. And footsteps constantly as well as the cabinets always shutting. I think something bad happened to the little boy. And he would stand at the top of the steps.    Hello,  I'm looking for testimonies that you would like to lend and/or do an collab with myself. I'm in making an blog/website with my own original paranormal stories/testimonies, and others stuff. I'm an artist and an writer. I though putting an paranormal testimonie of people with illustration of my own to illustrate it on my site would be cool. Contact me for more information, there an exemple of what I'm able to do on my profil it's an picture of my haunted cave. the monster is custom but though it illustrate well my sleep paralisis.  Ps: You will be credited as the owner of the testimonie so give me an nickname I'll publish on my site. What have you seen that is unexplained? https://www.tiktok.com/t/ZTR95FxXT/   For my graduation party, rather than having anything typical, my friends and I rented the nearby haunted house known as “Whispers Estate” for a nightly investigation. When the caretaker told us that we were free to explore, I immediately began filming with my GoPro. I just uploaded the uncut footage to TikTok, where I removed the first three minutes and the ending of the original footage to reduce time. I messed around the entire time I was there and one of the first things that I did was ask a ghost if they could move the red ball. After that, I walked into Rachel’s room and saw that the beachball oddly fell on the ground. I can’t really say for certain whether this is paranormal or not. I was left alone in Rachel’s room for a few seconds and watched the red ball unexplainably move on its own. I can rule out factors that would logically make the ball able to move. Honestly, this is proof of the paranormal and I’ll be returning to Whispers in hopes of capturing more. If you don’t believe me, I’m sure that your mindset would change if you visited Whispers Estate yourself.  Ok so if you didn't think the first 2 were creepy enough, this is where things start getting jaw droppingly weird. Don't believe me? Just listen. I interviewed my sisters who've had more recent experiences up there than I have. Which shed more light on the happenings. While still just leaving more and more question marks in exchange!  It's like being in a movie. But it's real. Weather that is good or bad I don't know. Weather you believe me or not doesn't matter. What you believe has nothing to do with weather something's real or not.   So here's 3 more witnesses' personal accounts of by far the creepiest place any of us have ever had anything to do with.  Watch it. Listen to it. Let us know what you think.   "Please like & subscribe."  And if anyone else knows anything else about this place PLEASE leave a comment!To begin with, I have lost both of my parents and miss them dearly. We were a close family and there's not a day that goes by without me thinking of them. This year on my birthday, I was watching Ghostbusters: Afterlife by myself in the evening after the party had ended and my friends had left. The part where the spirit of Egon plays chess with his granddaughter came on where chess pieces are moving by themselves and half jokingly, I said out loud, "How come you can't do something cool like that mom and dad?".   No sooner than I said that, a single balloon came unattached from where it was taped on the wall and fell to the ground. Not only that, but it was a green one - my favorite color since I was a kid.  Guess my folks showed me! The entity. Not the occurrence.  Yesterday, I was talking with an old friend of mine. She just witnessed her dad have a really bad heart attack. As far as I know, he's still alive but she hasn't responded to any of my texts. That being said, I had a strange dream that night.  I was laying on my couch watching TV when this small being drenched in black mist floated passed me and turned into a doorway. I could faintly make out its charred skull. It was cloaked and the mist that followed was a lot like black smoke disappearing behind it as it glided through the air. It kind of reminded me of the Dementors from Harry Potter.  I quickly grabbed my phone and opened the camera to video it but was stunned when I looked back up to find it staring at me. The skull was hard to see but I could make out its fingers hanging from its dark cloak. Its face was obviously a skull but it was so black, it was hard to find the lines but its dark eye holes, nose and loosely closed mouth were the darkest areas I could see, other than its cloak anyway.  I fell back onto the couch looking at it from the corner of my eye. I wasn't sure if it was coming closer to me or staying stagnant from the bright TV shining at me. But I spoke, telling it that it had to leave and to leave me and my family alone. That's when I woke up in sleep paralysis in my bed. The room was dark but I finally got the strength to turn the lamp on. In the living room, there was nothing out of the ordinary. The light was dimmed and the TV was shut off like it was supposed to be.  The only big difference I noticed was my living room seemed larger in the dream and there was no doorway behind the TV, it was just a wall. And Death (I'm assuming that's what this entity was) was smaller than the last few times I've seen it. The first was the day my grandmother passed away, only a few hours before I found her in her bed. That time I was outside and it wasn't a dream. The second was a few days before I had to put one of my pets down. That was more like a sleep paralysis experience.  I called my parents to see if they were alright and nothing out of the ordinary there. However, I'm still very concerned for my old friend. I hope everything's alright. Last she spoke to me was yesterday, she was going to see her dad in the hospital. But hasn't answered me since.  Has anyone else ever seen Death before? Hi all, sorry in advance. I know you've likely seen a number of these posts (especially around this time of year) but I run a small youtube channel that covers the paranormal and the unexplained and I'm looking for more real life encounters that I could share.  I've had a number of people on this subreddit who have already kindly let me share their stories and I always make sure to link back to the original posts so people can find you're story directly.  I've been doing a fair bit of narration lately but I'm really keen to delve deep into paranormal encounters, so if anyone is up for sharing then please let me know! Can either respond here or feel free to message/drop me a chat request if you want to talk about your experiences in more detail. We are J&T Unsolved, a paranormal podcast duo and we want to hear your stories! This is part of our Halloween show and whatever we don’t get to we’ll do another episode and add them. No judgement here, we just want to know what you’ve experienced.   Listen to us on your favorite podcast app! One time when I was young(I don't remember age or grade, only that I was young), I was in the living room with my family when I decided to go to the hallway. Basically this is the layout of my house, when you enter, there is a small room to your right where we keep stuff we use for cleaning and the guest room to the left. If you go forward about 3 5 steps, there's the living room which connects to the kitchen if you keep going forward. At the entrance of the living room to your right there's an L shaped hallway with 3 rooms and a bathroom are connected to. At the beginning of the hallway in the corner there is a small space to your right that leads to the garage and to the left of that is my room. So I was in the living room and decided to run into the hallway when my body froze. When I looke to my right I saw a black figure which looked EXACTLY like a man just standing there. I slowly walked back to the living room and went back there later to see what it was but there was nothing there. [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9C6ANWPLPeA&t=162s](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9C6ANWPLPeA&t=162s)A few years ago, I had a miscarriage. I was devastated and was grieving.   My husband and I visited my inlaws one night. They lived in a rural area with few streetlights. It was a typical fall night and we stayed at their place until around midnight.   It was a clear night. No rain, no mist, no fog. Just a clear, cool fall night. Since it was late and there were so few people that lived in that area, the roads were deserted. It was just us alone on the road.   All of a sudden, my husband and I both saw something in the middle of the road in front of us. He slammed on the brakes at the exact same moment that I yelled "watch out!"  In the middle of the road was what looked like a dog or wolf. It was in the form of a white mist, but it was definitely there in front of us, and we definitely both saw it at the same moment. We had looked at each other in disbelief and when we turned back, it had vanished.   I said to him, "Did you see that too?" He described seeing a transparent white dog that appeared out of nowhere. I only saw half the dog/wolf (the front half). We had no explanation for how we both saw the same thing at the same time, or how it had vanished in thin air.   We were very freaked out the rest of the way home that night. We were afraid it was some sort of bad omen but nothing bad happened. I've often wondered of it was related to the miscarriage I had shortly before that, and was maybe a sign of some kind. This happened a few years ago. We have had a few things happen in our house over the years but mostly footsteps and things randomly falling  off shelves. This was one of the more creepy things that happened. I work from home and my husband works 2nd shift so I was in my office working and he was in the bedroom sleeping. I thought I heard him in the hallway and then he knocked on my door which is unusual he normally just walks in if he needs me. So I got up and opened the door and no one was there. I went to bedroom to see what he wanted and when I opened the door he asked me why I was knocking on the door. I told him I thought it was him knocking on my office door and I was coming to see what he wanted and he said that no someone knocked on the bedroom door and he was upset that I woke him up. We were both a little freaked out. I have a ton of stories to share but I'll start with a few from my childhood home. My dad built the house in the Phoenix Arizona area in the early 1970s. Previously the land was desert. Several of my siblings and even my mom had experiences there. Things would go missing and show up in the oddest places. I had an article of clothing disappear, I looked everywhere, including under my bed (which was very clean and tidy) and couldn't find it. Later I looked again and it was there in plain sight. My sister would hear the door open and shut in the early mornings when she was the only one awake and the door was locked. We felt people watching us. We heard our names being called. Once I was laying in my bed before school started and felt something like a cat walking on my bed. We had one cat at the time and he was on my windowsill birdwatching. He hadn't moved. I had some really creepy dreams while in that house that I now wonder if maybe they were more than just dreams. The house now belongs to my brother, who doesn't believe in ghosts, and his wife who would be too scared to even consider there being ghosts in the house...I wonder if anything has happened since they took over. Both of my parents have passed on and both of them did die in the house...so maybe!I grew up believing in ghosts My brother and I would 'ghost hunt' my grandma's basement using a free app off our moms phone sometimes But nothing really happened Granted this can be mostly be called a Paranoia and  fear of the dark But basically, I lived with my grandma for alot of my childhood due to my mom's work.   Extra information: my grandma's house is 4 stories tall with a basement and attic. My room has two mirrors facing each other hanging on two of my walls and two more facing my bed connected to my tv stand and at one point I had a fully body mirror facing my tv or closet  When I was younger (maybe 11 or 12) anytime I left my room when it was dark inside the house, I would feel like something was watching me. Nothing touched me, I don't think, but I always felt a need to get away as fast as possible.  The feeling started as the cliche basement fear of something in the dark.(It got to the point I refused to go into the base while it was dark down there) It grew to the stairs and the hallway where my room was. (I refused to go the bathroom after like midnight unless I rlly needed to cuz I hated the feeling)I can't remember if I felt it in the attic cuz I barely went up there already.  Anywhere that wasn't lit up scared the crap outta me. I always had my room lights on since I could hardly sleep anyways.  But that doesn't mean shit didn't still try to mess with me in my room. I hardly acknowledged it not wantinf them to do more.  I would sometimes wake up with scratches on my torso or legs that resembled cat scratches at best or a human scratched me like I had an itch at worst. Ive never owned a cat, we had two dogs who didn't sleep in my room. I never had anything on my bed that could scratch me in my sleep.  They wouldn't be small nor would they be painless. They would sting and last for a couple days n the longest I had I think was the length of my hand, maybe longer.  I had very few friends over but after they came to stay the night and it would be a normal night When they went home and we would end talking Abt the paranormal, they would offhandedly mention how as the night got deeper the house would feel Abit unsettling, specifically my room where we mainly stayed all night. I would be Abit surprised, as I wouldn't notice it being used to the feeling, but we moved on. One friend mentioned seeing a little girl in my full body mirror once. Said it didn't seem harmful more mocking me n finding it funny. I refused to acknowledge it so it would get bored. Another friend swore they heard a little kid voice on a video call when I had to leave for a second, said friend didn't know Abt what the other friend saw.  People said they noticed it a couple more times, but we moved on from it.  Other mentions Sometimes my bedroom door would open n then seem like it was being attempted to be closed but someone wasn't pushing it strong enough. My door wasn't hard to close nor could it open that easy. It would stopped alittle after I didn't acknowledge it .  The floors are kinda creaky when u step on it so u can sometimes hear when someone's walking. I swear I heard creaky almost like footsteps right next to my room in the kitchen(the kitchen and my room are right next to each other separated by a sheet wall) when no one else was on the floor. Yes I would check .  Sometimes, in my room I would feel something hovering over my blankets but it went away in minutes but it scared me enough to keep my body in my blanket.  I don't know if anyone else in the house felt this and I don't intend to ask. Since I've gotten older (I'm 19 now, the feeling slowly went away starting around 17ish) I've cleansed my room multiple times and took out the full body mirror.  I don't get scratches in my sleep anymore and barely have the feeling of something watching me.  I can go in the basement at night now, but I have to turn the lights on where I go to feel fine.  Was this just me feeding into little kid ghost beliefs or not? Hi Reddit GhostStories, I cofounded and create content for my ghost stories podcast on spotify : Erika's Ghost Stories and I am looking for amature or at-home ghost stories that i can read anonymously on my podcast   as a ~at home brew episode~ I am looking for 3 or 4 stories ( if i get more i may create another amature, at-home episode in the future). It can be about ghosts (of course), dreams, haunted places, forests, houses, buildings ETC... i am open to just about anything : THANK YOUUUU 👻👻👻 xxSo basically, the last house we lived in was pretty creepy to say the least. Quite a few unexplained things happened there, but there was one experience that really stood out to me and will always be imprinted in my brain.   My mother had gone out, so it was only me, my brother and sister in the house, well so we thought. My sister was around 4 or 5 at the time, she could be pretty forgetful, and forgot my mother had gone out so casually shouted "Mam?" as in a question sort of tone. I swear to god, I heard clear as day, this perfect  "Yes?"  response in my mothers voice. I was pretty confused and thought maybe she got back early, but looked out the window, and her car was still gone. I ran downstairs and asked my brother if he heard that, he said he also heard it. My sister was pretty confused, she heard it aswell, she was about to go looking for our mother after she heard that voice thinking it was her, Im just glad she didnt. Whatever that was, was it potentially trying to lure her somewhere? I thought I was hearing things but after my brother and sister heard it too, I was certain that was some sort of entity cloning our mothers voice. She got back like 20 minutes later and we told her about it, she was as confused as we were. To this day, I still question what that was. A lot of things went down in this house. But out of all the spooky things they’ve happened to me there, this one just crossed my mind after 18 years.   I was 14 years old living in Orange County with my 2 sisters and my mother. We had a rough upbringing so renting an actually house was like a dream come true for us at that time. Until we realized we were living in a haunted house. I was with my mom the day we rented. The garage was scary as hell even in the daylight with people around, it just always gave me a clustered feeling of something being there I couldn’t see. When the garage door was shut it was pitch black, no light at all from outside could get through that garage door.   During the summer I would wake up early, I would listen to my cd’s on my radio (so every time I came in or out I made sure my bedroom door was shut because my mom liked to sleep in the living on the couch right outside my bedroom). I would clean my room, the kitchen and bathroom before I would ask my mom if I could meet my best friend at our halfway mark.   This particular morning the funky spooky things of the house started early. As I walked out of my bedroom, shut my door walked down the hall passing two bedroom to the restroom I noticed something from the corner of my eye in the kitchen, like a silhouette of a person that vanished (this was normal).   My moms bedroom was directly outside the bathroom doorway to the right and it had a private bathroom which lead to the garage. Well as I was walking out the restroom I seen a person walking into my moms bedroom, like a women (which I assumed was my mother since we were the only ones home). Thinking it was my mom I was talking to her about leaving to my friends and the bedroom door shut on my face and I was think “wow she’s rude today”. So I opened the door and again asked if I could go to my friends when her bathroom door started shutting.. when I opened the bathroom door and said “mom!” I realized the garage door was wide open (the garage door was heavy and did not stay open on its own ever) and it was pitch black. In that moment I knew it wasn’t my mom so I ran out, shut her bedroom door behind me started toward my bedroom when I noticed my bedroom door was wide open. I was standing in my room confused and realized my radio was off . I tried turning it in multiple times and seen it was actually unplugged.   I went to the living room to wake my mom up and ask if she had went into my room to unplug my radio she said she didn’t ever go into my room or touch my radio that morning because she was sleeping still. I don’t even know why I had to ask if she went into the garage through her bedroom for clarification… but needless to say it wasn’t her either. She asked me t please not leave her there alone, but I did and I feel bad still. Anyways, that night I didn’t want to come back home. I know whatever it was this time, it wanted me in that garage alone. I previously posted some things that went on in my house growing up. This story I am about to tell is the first spooky experience I remember as a child.  I don't remember how old I was. Probably no older than 12. My younger sister and I were friends with our neighbor's granddaughter, who was often at her grandparents house while her mom worked. We'd take turns going to each other's house. The girl we played with, I'll call her J had pretty much free reign over the house while her gma who was a nurse slept during the day. We weren't allowed upstairs though.  This house was like my parents. J's grandparents were the first owners. They were very good, christian people. J had a rough childhood, and was a pathological liar. We had a lot of drama between the 3 of us.  One day while gma was sleeping, we decided to sneak upstairs. There were at least 3 bedrooms, beautifully decorated with antique furniture and decor. We decided to each pick a room and pretend it was ours and play "house". We even had some baby dolls to play with. After a while, I began to feel uncomfortable, and like I was being watched. I met back up with J and my sister and told them I didn't feel right up there. My sister felt the same way. J told us that when she was younger they heard voices from upstairs (it was hard to know when she was telling the truth though) Regardless of whether she was lying, all three of us felt freaked out upstairs. We decided to go downstairs and never played upstairs again. Every now and then I'd look up at their upstairs windows from my house and get this awful feeling of dread. Hi guys I was curious about some events of my life. But I’ve always wondered what to do with this story so here goes. I was raised in a pleasant house. But me and 2 other family members always felt odd. For some reason all of these paranormal things only happened to my mother, brother, and me. We come from a psychic sort of blood-line. So I always figured that was why. One time my brother woke up in the night and placed a 60-80 pound tv on my mothers leg and watched the static, asleep, and only 8 years old. Then the psychic things began to happen. My brother predicted a death and I’ve also predicted and known exactly when a family member passed. My brother screamed bloody murder once and we walked in and he said it was a boy with red eyes. He saw this boy many times but I never did. And he doesn’t remember any of it now that he’s an adult. All of this toned down once we moved and got older. But I’m curious if anyone has any explanation.When my parents divorced we moved to my grandmother’s house. It was an old farmhouse, 2 story with 4 bedrooms and a bathroom upstairs in a horseshoe shape with the stairs where the horseshoe is open. Going downstairs the living room is on the right and the dining room on the left that leads into the kitchen. My grandmother’s room was off the kitchen. Without a doubt the landing at the top of the stairs, stairs, and living and dining room had a “presence”.  It felt mean, it felt like someone bad was watching, waiting to harm you. It was common knowledge in the family that the house was haunted. When my aunt and uncle visited he slept with a gun under his pillow (not that it would help, but at least he felt comfortable).  My great grandmother was mean in life and apparently mean in death since most people believed the spirit to be her’s. My mom’s brother died when he was 5 and at times you could hear him playing on the stairs, bumping down like kids do.  I would race downstairs, through the dining room and into the safety and lightness of the kitchen. I hated to be alone upstairs and slept with the hall light on until we moved when I was 14. This just happened earlier this morning.I have sleep issues,so I'm always up long before daylight. I'm also the only one in the house up this early, besides a few of the dogs & cats. Around 430 this morning,I woke up & shuffled into the kitchen to make my coffee as usual. I can't drink hot coffee,so I make mine in the blender. I have this thing that every time I start the blender, I feel like someone is behind me. I always look & no one's ever been there,but still 🤷🏻‍♀️. My kitchen is at the back of my big,old house,so when I'm standing at the blender,the laundry room with a half bath is to my left. Directly behind me is the doorway into the dining room. My bedroom door is on the right dining room wall & in the back there's another door into the living room, which is locked at night. So I'm in the kitchen,one of my dogs, Teddy, & one of my cats , Phoenix,are sitting on a chair next to me . I'm doing my thing & I start the blender. A couple seconds later, Teddy growls, looking into the dining room. Phoenix is looking the same direction & I immediately get the someone's behind me feeling. I turn the blender off & looked behind me, expecting nothing as usual,& see what looked like my husband going back into the bedroom. My bedroom doesn't have a door so there's a curtain over it. I saw him go through the door (just a quick glimpse, really) and when he threw the curtain back,one of my other cats, Thomas,attacked it.I stopped the blender thinking wtf is he doing up? St first I thought he must have gone to the bathroom. We have an upstairs bathroom, but he'd have had to unlock the door & walk upstairs, which he wouldn't do. And to get to the downstairs one he'd have had to literally squeeze past me through the door,& he hadn't. Neither of my kids had come in & the house is silent. I walked into the bedroom, pretty much right behind him. My husband is sound asleep & so are the other dogs. No one there but me. But Teddy & Phoenix saw him. And I KNOW I did. So who TF went into my bedroom? And where TF did they go? When my sister was young, probably about 5 or 6, we had just moved into a new house as a family. My sister was always good about sleeping by herself at night, which was ironic given how I myself was not, but regardless she gave our parents relatively little trouble sleeping by herself ever.  Except one night when she had a particularly rough night and went downstairs to ask my mom to come sleep with her, because as little kids tend to do, she got scared.  Mom goes upstairs with her and lies down, my sister falls asleep, but my mom is struggling to fall asleep. That is until dad gets in bed behind her, holding them both. Helps mom fall asleep, they all pass out together.  Mom wakes up, dad isn't in bed with them anymore. That's fairly typical, my dad gets up super early to go to work most mornings and lets my mom sleep in, so she thinks nothing of it until he gets home.  She asks him when he came upstairs to sleep with them last night, as he was asleep when my sister first asked mom to come to bed with her.  Dad replies that he never left their bed, slept by himself downstairs all night.  Who got in bed with my mom?  https://youtu.be/tAHKS7ZmnxM From 2010-2011 my family lived briefly in an early 1900s house in Ashland, Kentucky. The house was 3 floors with the 3rd floor being a converted attic. My older sister’s bedroom was essentially the whole 3rd floor, while my younger brother and I shared a room on the second floor next to my parents.   For my siblings and me, there was a definite culture shift in moving to Ashland from Nashville, Tennessee. We went from a more suburban area a somewhat more remote area of northern Kentucky. We were further in Appalachia and the people were definitely different. We noticed it first in the behaviors of our next door neighbors.   The house on our left belonged to an old hoarder named Joan. The woman was rarely seen, but monstrous when she would confront my family and me. She didn’t drive, but there was an old gray sedan filled to the brim with newspapers and trash that sat in her driveway for as long as we lived there. Her backyard was littered with ancient looking antiques, statues and furniture. After once finding my brother and I snooping around her yard laughing at all the junk she had collected, she made a statement along the lines of “Ruth should straighten you out,” and motioned back towards our house.   We never thought much of it until our other next door neighbor mentioned that a previous owner of our house was a longtime friend of her’s named Ruth. Ruth had died in the house years before. Hearing that was more than enough to creep the hell out of my brother and me.  Inside our house it was my sister that first started having strange experiences. She was around 17 at the time, yet almost like a young child, she could hardly stay in the house by herself. She said that her bedroom scared her, and that she felt like something was in her closet.   The 3rd floor had three closets, and the biggest one had two sliding doors. My sister mentioned that many times she would think the door was closed, look away, and then find it open without any explanation. At nighttime, there were a few times when she came downstairs knocking on my parents door asking for them to keep it down, only to notice that the noise wasn’t coming from anyone in the house. It was muffled speaking that only my sister could hear in her room.   After a few months, my sister became so uncomfortable on the 3rd floor that she moved into our 2nd floor guest room. My brother and I quickly begged to take the 3rd floor room because it meant more space. We didn’t really know at that time how scared my sister was of the 3rd floor.  Right away, I was definitely able to feel a tension in the room. I would often feel like I was buzzing on high alert for no reason. One way to describe the feeling would be that it was similar to how you’d feel moments after someone almost hit you with their car. Even after the moment is over, you can feel your heart race, your mind buzz and your senses heighten. Almost daily, I would feel the tension in the room and start to get this overwhelming feeling.  The sliding door closet was for, whatever reason, the center of a lot of the incidents I witnessed. Multiple times I watched the door slide open with no one pulling or pushing it. The floor was level and we tested the AC to see if an air vent was causing the sliding door to blow open, and we couldn’t find a connection.   One night, my brother had his friend over and they were playing with Legos in the room in front of the closet. I watched as the shut doors slammed open just behind them. The three of us sprinted downstairs screaming, and though my mom was able to console us, she’s told me years later now that she was terrified.   She fully started believing that something was in the house once she had the closet slam open in front of her. She then felt a cold rush around her shoulders and back and panicked and left the house. About a month after that, she moved my brother and I back into our 2nd floor bedroom, and we only used the 3rd floor as a guest room.   Though it’s been over 10 years I still remember being petrified of being in that room alone, even during the day. It was a very stressful point in my childhood and I feel like I still attach a lot of negativity and bad memories to that time. I’ve never had other paranormal experiences outside of this, but my experiences in Ashland were so strong that it is tough for me to be a skeptic. Something is truly in that house and it could very well be a ghost named Ruth. Me and my parents were getting ready to go on a trip. I go to my room to get my bag no one but me was in my room, so I thought I turn around and there is a ghostly figure standing in my room.Has anyone encountered a shadow person? What are your thoughts on shadow people? In my late years of 12 I experienced some thing that scared me for live. I live in South Africa so load shedding exist, if you don't know what that is, it is when the power goes out for 2 hours. So it was like 21:15pm, in my house my mom set up lights powered by a battery leading throughout our entire house. My mom left it on before she went to sleep and keep in mind I was the only one awake... I went to put the light off, still no power only me and my flash light. The battery was infront of the bathroom where the sink and mirror was. After I turned the lights off I turned facing the mirror. Behind me was a person. I turned almost immediately and nobody was there. Once again I was the only one awake at that time. I only saw it for less than a second but It has scared me for life. There was someone who died in that hostel. I don't know if it was because I was tired or if it was the light. But I have ever since felt a strange energy at the bathroom. In 2013 I was a freshman in college. There are always university stories with haunted dorms, rooms, or basements. So I never thought anything of it when I heard that our dorm, Rogers Hall, was very haunted. Within the first three weeks, five girls attempted to commit suicide by jumping off the building. Thankfully they were unsuccessful. But it for sure rocked us and made us start to believe there may be an angry presence hanging around. One early morning my roommate and I were asleep, and we always left the TV on, and we were in bunk beds, this is kind of important to the story, because normally my roommate couldn’t get out of bed without waking me up. When I woke up, I didn’t have my glasses on, but I could see a girl standing in front of our TV. She had medium brown hair was wearing a gray sweatshirt and some jeans and she looked like she was chewing on her sleeve. I immediately thought it was my roommate and rolled over to turn on my desk lamp and grab my glasses to ask her why she was up so early. When I flipped on the light and grab my glasses, she was gone and I thought maybe my roommate went to the bathroom so I got out of bed and looked up at her bed and she was still sleeping. I shook her awake and asked her how she got up there so quickly and she had no idea what I was talking about. The same day, maybe within a few hours, our friend that lived down the hall went to the communal bathroom, and was washing her face. The door to the bathroom was very heavy and scraped the floor when you opened it. She said she heard someone open the bathroom door and she saw someone walk behind her. She didn’t think anything of it because it was our floors bathroom and girls were waking up to get ready for classes. On one side of the bathroom, there were toilets, and on the other side of the bathroom there were showers, but there were sinks and mirrors in the middle for both sides. Our friend was on the side of the showers, she said she saw the girl walk in to the shower. As she was washing her face, she never heard the shower turn on and she called over to her asking if everything was okay. She even walked over to see if the girl needed help, but there was no one there. Nothing ever happened again to either of us that year, but it still creeps me out.This happened when I was about 15 in a little town called St. Helen's just outside of Portland, Oregon.  At  the time our family was really going through some tough obstacles. My dad had been acting very strange talking to himself and not acting as he normally did for a couple days. His personality would Change quite often.(At the time he was not diagnosed with schizophrenia we were trying to get him help).Leading up to the night I had seen this thing conversing with my dad, I had also experienced very strange dreams and  it felt like I had been sat on by someone very heavy, I looked and no one was there.  My brother had seen something he called the garbage man on numerous occasions. He said it looked like a bag was over his head and was being sucked into his mouth and eye sockets. It leaned over him and appeared to be very tall. This thing visited him a few times.   It was about 2 am and I heard my dad talking to someone or himself. At this point I had a routine of going and talking with him to calm him. My bedroom had been right next to the kitchen and the bathroom because it was a small house. I walk into the kitchen, which had been lightly lit by the outside lights. First thing I see is the very tall shadow figure in the doorway of the bathroom and my dad standing toe to toe with this massive thing. He's mumbling something then he says loudly LEAVE ME ALONE! I'm terrified so I ran right back into my bedroom.   My dad's mental state took a turn. It was a struggle for my family to get him help. Eventually, things escalated and my dad was considered a danger to himself and others and was able to get the help he deserved.  They did not find drugs in his system and eventually diagnosed him with schizophrenia. I don't know why we saw this thing or what it was. I think it was praying on my dad's weakness.can people with this mental illness see past the curtains? Since this day that question runs through my head a lot. When my daughter was born I would be the one to primarily put her to bed in her crib at night, I would rock her back and forth in an old chair in the corner of the room. One night while I was rocking her to sleep, she perked up and started waving at the wall in the room, it was weird but children do weird things so I brushed it off. She would do weird things like this every other night. However the creepest moment  was one night when she was sleeping in the bed with my wife and I and we (me and my daughter) both woke up at the same time in the middle of the night. I saw that the door to our bedroom was wide open and my daughter propped herself up  giggled and covered her eyes saying "peekaboo I see you" into the darkness. This would be creepy enough on its own but my daughter was really young and couldnt say very many phrases at the time, and this was the first time she ever said those words. Needless to say it was an uneasy nightWhen I was 3- to current day I would see this tall man who is about 8 feet tall and I originally thought it was sleep paralysis until my friend saw it and described it exactly how I did and I ended up going into concealing for it and they thought maybe it was cause If anxiety but it wasn’t and i recently started screaming and crying for my parents cause of it anyone know what this could be…… So two things happened to me recently and I'm not sure if it was coincidence or paranormal so first thing happened around a month ago and I walked into my bathroom and my cat was in there and my family is also in the house so I crack the door and go pee and I hear the door shut not too hard but not too soft and I get done thinking my family shut it but I see my cat just kind of staring at the door and the cats in my house are smart If a door is cracked they know how to open it and the room has hardly any air flow in it and I asked my family if they shut the door but they said no.  One thing I forgot to mention is it's not a house but a apartment building above a hardware store and there's two stories to the apartment so I'll explain it's on like the main street of my town so you can enter the hardware store or go a little ways to our entrance and it requires a key so its like 20 stairs to our level then ten stairs up is the second level and the hard ware store has a really big basement almost like a maze and the building is probably around 100 years old like all the other buildings in my town I don't know any history of this place but I do know it's kind of creepy.  Second experience this was like a few days ago and I was walking towards the entrance down my street and I see a man peek around the corner of the entrance of our building it's kind of a nook in the building and the man is wearing a gray shirt and looks to be of Hispanic descent with short hair and I walk to the entrance with my mom and two sisters and don't see the man and I look down the street no one who looks like him and like I said the door requires a key it's 20 steps up the first flight and 10 up the second flight but I saw the man turn around and disappear so we open the door go up the stairs with my sister to let our dog in our apartment and she accidentally lets it go and it runs up the stairs and up halfway through the second flight staring at the top so we get our dog and leave I told my mom and she's seen weird stuff here also but I've never seen that man before or since then.  Sorry if it was long or parts were vague feel free to ask questions I'll try to respond I was 3 years-old and moving into a new house for the first time. The home we lived in before was a rental and the owners kicked us out with only 5 months of forwarning. I have little memory due to being and infant, but I do remember small bits and pieces like having to be potty trained before moving. When we got to the house I was ready to play with random things my mom packed for me, but we had to do some homewarming stuff, and I met the kids next-door. They were an Muslim family and greeted us with a feast some kabobs and rice. Ramadan had just ended and they had a tradition of having a feast at the end. Then one of the children (Hassen) whispered to us "Sometimes I see shadows dance across my room, I wonder if you'll see them too." I went on without much thought of what he said since at that time I still believed toys were alive. That night I lay in my bed hugging my care-bear plush when I saw these shadows summon out of the floor and dance across my room, twirling, flying, bowing. Then they receded into the floor. I laughed to myself oblivious to the strangeness of thos event. Then in the cornor of my room, a shadow around the size of a 7-year-old walk to me slowly. I got scared a cried for my mom. She came over to comfort me and said it was just a bad dream and brought me to her room to sleep. As the parent's bed magic goes, I woke up in my own bed with no proof I was in her bed to begin with, and went on eith my day. For the next couple of years the shadows kept dancing in my room. I named them, and befriended them, at least in my mind. I eventually learned my house was built upon and old graveyard with bodies that were never moved. Those shadows were likely ghosts of the deceased dancing until the end of time, and trying to contact the living. When I was younger I saw a shadow man standing my font yard under the willow tree it was dark out. I stared at him for a long time because knew he would disappear when I looked away. He was wearing what looked like a cape? Or a trench coat and the collar was up. He had a dog it looks pretty big maybe fluffy even. But the neighbors dog would bark and it would look over where they were and growl and act as if it was to lunge in that direction and the shadow man had a hand on the dog and he would pet it when it did this and the dog would look back at me put it's head down as if stalking me. I screamed to my family without looking away. Everyone came out and looked but saw nothing. My mother had me describe him and she started crying saying she saw the same thing before but didn't see him now. There was no way I wouldn't have know she had seem him before she never told us kids about it. Not until we mentioned it. She had always seen things that wasn't there. But this in pituitar really scared her. It had a bad energy and the fact that I could hear the dog growling made it so much worse. I couldn't see his face but I had a gut feeling he was smiling at me. He never once looked away. Finally I did and when I looked back he was gone.So I used to work at many different group homes. I had gotten to work at 6:30am. I was waiting on my client to get up to start his day. I sat on the couch And I heard walking and a whispering: the whisper said my name behind my head. I immediately turned my head and saw no one. Later that night I was driving home from work. (I worked a 16 hour shift.) I was driving, I was on the phone with my best friend and all of a sudden I hear “hello.” Behind me like someone moved forward from behind me to speak. And I yelled a lot of curse words and my phone cut out because I was losing service. The whole time I was freaking out. I was scared of looking in the mirror. I blasted music to distract me. Once I was in an area with service my best friend called back and made sure I was okay. On her end all she heard was “oh fuck.” Screaming and then the line cutting out. I’m used to seeing or hearing things but I have never experienced that in the car at 11pm at night. To give some backstory to this story I am aged 15 and had some traumatic things happen in my short life so far but it’s paranormal experiences that are the worst for me… Sometime late 2006 to early 2007 in January and a bit after the that my mum was dating a guy named LJ (that was his nickname didn’t really care to learn his name so I don’t know it) whilst dating this guy my mum was already pregnant with me to my actual father. They were both really toxic to my mum (domestic violence and all) that’s why my mum got away from my father. When I was just about to be conceived LJ was adamant that I was his son so when I was conceived he put his name on my birth certificate without my mum knowing (it’s changed now to my actual father). Eventually my mum had enough of the violence and she left. I don’t know how long after but LJ suffered a fatal overdose from heroin. Years go by I was 12 at this time now it was a Friday night and because it was a Friday night I stayed up late playing my game. Now to put this into perspective my chair was facing away from my door as I was playing I had this sudden urge of someone was watching me but young me terrified I tried not to look back and tried to forget about it minutes go by and the feeling came back and I don’t know to really describe it but it felt like a much darker presence my heart was pounding but I tried to forget about it again but until what I thought were to be a man’s voice saying “my sweet boy” now I was to you young to remember his voice but that sent shivers down my spine because I know I recognise the voice just don’t know where I turned my head finally and saw my door was wide open but no one was there just as I about to calm down I heard my mum faintly from her room say “what are you doing here” and after that it sounded like there was things being moved in mums room I went to check up on her I but she was dead asleep and at this point I felt like me and mum weren’t the only people in her room. I eventually woke her up because I didn’t know what the fuck was going on. She woke up I told her about it and she got up and I noticed scratch marks on her legs and marks around her throat that looked like she had been strangled I brought it up to her and she had that look in her eyes like this has happened before and I asked her what was it and the only thing she said was this was LJ and my heart dropped still to this day I get shivers thinking about it but I also feel protected?  I don’t like the guy never have never will doesn’t matter if I felt protected because I felt the presence so sinister and dark and can’t really get my head around it to this day Calling all ghost believers and skeptics! We are looking for stories on the Niles ghost! I am a student, and we are working on a documentary on the local legend of the Ghost of Niles Canyon, or as some know it, The White Witch. We would love to hear your stories!  https://preview.redd.it/4xkkl7bfuly91.png?width=2550&format=png&auto=webp&s=6ba0e4ea73fe80c76d054c25c822ed2631309cb9 So I was driving along the highway, back home from work. Around 10 pm. I kept seeing something shadowy in my passenger seat but I couldn’t look over so I chose to ignore it until I got home. Two seconds later, while I’m driving, I see this white transparent figure just go through my car and myself. Like a hologram, I was freaking out and had goosebumps the entire ride home after that. I’m not sure what it was, but I’m still spooked. &#x200B;  [ Hello! My friend and I are making a ghost story zine that will be a collection of stories from folks who have experienced ghostly or uncanny phenomena firsthand. The deadline for submissions is by 11:59 PM on Friday November 18th. The zine will be released sometime in mid-December. Here is the submission form link that also includes more information: https:\/\/form.jotform.com\/223104583492050 ](https://preview.redd.it/bdmjzophvky91.jpg?width=1080&format=pjpg&auto=webp&s=631fcc73a5471236ab84439e8f55f606ba6efd8c) So recently i’ve realized im a medium/can see spirits. I usually see them in like an aura type state / mist. but this time was different, he was in the corner of my eye , and kept saying “Devin”. He had brown hair, a yellow shirt, and glasses. I’m not sure who it was because no one Ik that has passed looks like that. I’ve also recently heard a lady (ghost wise) say excuse me, while i was folding clothes.I've been a skeptic but always open minded to the unexplainable. My parents believe in ghosts and have told me the stories when I was in my mid-teens about the first house we lived in when I was a baby as well as the interactions I would have with ghosts as a baby Now here is what happened at 4:30am a few days ago. I had stayed round my bfs house for the night, I've never felt uncomfortable at night, but sometimes I feel like I'm being watched but don't think much and of it. I woke up at 4:30am randomly feeling odd like I was being watched, I turned to roll over and as I get onto my back I look up and there is this old man floating above the far corner of the bed. He had messy mediums length hair but balding, missing teeth, blue and white striped pyjamas, a leather brown book and grey socks. He also had this faint most like blue/grey glow around him. He was extremely detailed like he was in the light despite the room being pitch black. I let out a surprised "Oh" cuz I jumped at the sight, he turned to face me, recognised that I could see him, almost shrugged. Then as I'm shaking my boyfriend to wake up. He turns and disappears through the ceiling, last thing I see is his feet going through the ceiling. I looked online but it's definitely not sleep paralysis as I was moving, speaking and blinking. Even after turning to face my bf and turning back he was still in the same position. I didn't feel threatened or afraid just a bit shocked as anyone would be. If anyone could help me or give me advice as I'm just confused but very curious I have posted this on other ghost subreddits in hope for someone with more experience than I could helpThis story happened in my hometown when I think I was about 8-9 years old. My hometown is very small, though there are multiple neighbourhoods and the occasional abandoned house left to rot.   At that time, I didn't know much of the town history but I knew of an old building that was called the " old (town-name) school " by my classmates and teachers. Anyway, one day I was walking to school and since the abandoned building is on my way, I took a glance at it. In one of the windows of the house, I saw a pure white curtain,  flapping around because of the wind, behind the curtain were three elderly women, they seemed to be having a conversation before looking down from the window at me, making eye contact, I still have a vivid memory of the look on one of the women's faces, a face of confusion. I quickly broke eye contact and continued walking to school. I don't remember what happened that day except for that strange experience.  I don't know what I saw that day, if it really happened and if I was supposed to see it, for all I know it could be a dream. The only people I have told about this experience were my mum and my friend. My mum said that I saw ghosts, like a past student of the school, but other than that she laughed it off. My friend on the other hand was creeped out by the story, also telling me that I probably saw ghosts .  For extra information, there is no reason for people to be entering the building and there is no accessible entrance ( that I know of ). The area around the building is all covered in weeds, vines and bushes. All windows and doors are boarded up with wood and nobody investigates the building's area.  I'm not sure if I really did see ghosts, or if it was a dream. I might try to get a picture of the building when I can, to support my story.  Thank you for reading :) ! Hello Ghoststories community! I've been interested in and reading many of your shared stories and experiences, but now have one that I'd like some help understanding!  My partner, who is known to be logical and rational, calmly let me know that there was a man who visited our bedroom twice: one occasion during the early hours of the morning, and another in the late afternoon of the same day. This man appeared for only a second at the foot of our bed for both occurrences, before disappearing without a trace.   My partner described the man to be dressed in a short, black hat with a brim, had black sunglasses that covered his eyes, wore a black trench coat that extended past his knees, and was holding a briefcase in one hand. This man appeared at the foot of our bed and faced my partner twice, but did and said nothing before vanishing again.  My partner and I have not experienced anything like this before and while we're not alarmed, wonder what this man's intentions are!  Has anyone seen a character similar to this description and how did they handle it? Thank you!  To start this is a true story  my family and i  moved from socal to mexico  in 2007 and we were accompanied by 2 of my parents friends along the way.  My parents built a 3story house there so we all had a room (parents, their friends from cali, and an aunt who stayed in another room) despite all those people in the house i felt something was off, they told me that i was adjusting and they still hadn't called the priest to bless the house, and that when he came all would feel better.   Anyway bedtime came and my brother and i decided to sleep in my parents bedroom the first night (i know we were old but every other room was taken or filled with boxes) so since its a big master bedroom we placed our sleeping bags on the floor and called it a day.  (Sadly I'm always the last one to go to sleep) so there i am waiting to fall asleep when i start feeling the room go cold, i thought nothing of it but then i started feeling very scared for no reason i did what  we all do at that age and wrapped myself in a blanket, i thought it was all in my head but then i heard a dog breathing close to my ear and i knew that my brother was around the other side  so it wasn't him, i was really scared now but i also feared for my family (i am the oldest) since they were all asleep in an act of desperation and fear i got up only to find nothing was there, i woke my dad up and told him what happened, he just thought i was exaggerating and told me to pray and sleep.      This time i slept a little closer to them and right when i was about to go to sleep a solid steel door we have at our entrance slammed so hard everyone jumped and woke up (this had never happened before and 12 years later never happened again) there was no wind at all and nobody could explain how it opened without the key they all started talking and then they looked at me and told me go to sleep so i left   I woke up next morning and as i was making my cereal bowl my mom asked me what was it i saw or heard, i told her and she just went pale, she said my aunt and our 2 guests saw a woman in white walk down the stairs, moments later the door slammed shut we looked and 7 people cant be wrong  this was one of many things to happen in our house.   Including 4 years of sleep paralysis daily So basically i’m a 14FM and my friend is also a 14FM and it was break, also this is my first post since I never was interested in writing things like these but today was shocking so bear with me   me[14FM] and my best friend[14FM] usually do what girls our age do laugh together about stuff walk together etc but today it was kind of different, we were sitting down on some benches outside because I suggested we should since there’s a very strong AC inside the building we learn in.  we walked outside and sat on the wooden benches, we were talking and laughing like usual and we then started reading a story on tumblr(yk what I mean)while also watching this French dude’s video since my best friend is French, we then got more into the video and I noticed something on the corner of my eye  there was a kid who looks kind of younger than us(probably 12 or 13)pointing a paper plane at my best friend’s head, out of reflex for some unknown reason I snatched it out of his hand and threw it at the ground and I’m still very much confused even if I’m in pe class now.But that’s besides the point, like I said I threw it at the ground and we were both shocked and nervous we started laughing due to being nervous that a literal kid was pointing a paper plane at my best friend’s head while we were doing our thing   I got up laughing because I was also amused at the fact that I popped out a random reflex that wasn’t necessary at all while she was still laughing on the bench, I glanced behind me at the kid and then I realised something, he was caressing his fingers like he was confused about the fact I snatched the paper plane from his hand and had a stoic face I then turned around continuing to laugh with my friend until I turned back around to the benches to see that he was gone?   I know this might sound stupid and he might’ve just ran away too fast than normal and that I’m paranoid about the fact that there might be ghosts in the school since usually in my room stuff fall and I don’t feel very much alone in my room, not in a way that is cringy and weird but more in a way that I’ve experienced these things falling in my room at least 10 times and that I’m sometimes kinda scared to sleep in my room. But it’s still confusing how he was so stoic and looked confused then vanished without me even seeing him run to a certain direction  I don’t have any disorders such as schizophrenia that I know of but the whole situation was weird and confusing so I hope i can get any comments maybe explaining this phenomenon?When I was 14-15 it was a late night and I can remember laying in my bed. As I was falling fast asleep I remember hearing a sound that woke me back up. As I laid in my bed I could hear skipping and singing from downstairs, I thought it was my sister but the Skipping and singing kept going and I heard whatever it was stop in the kitchen doorway and say "hello kitty" in a happy childlike way. After I heard that I got up and went downstairs to get my sister to stop but when I got down there she wasn't skipping, she was just sitting on the couch eating ice cream. I asked her about it and she said she wasn't but I didn't believe her so I went to the kitchen where my parents were watching TV so I asked them and even they said she wasn't. I remember getting so angry because I felt like everyone was lying to me about something so simple but they weren't lying, I would know if they were. The morning after that whole situation my mom asked me about it so I explained everything then she even told me about a lot of her experiences and why when we were done playing with toys that had batteries we had to take the batteries out or else they would go off at random points through the day and night. She even told me about how when I was a child she would hear voices through the baby monitor. Well that's all, I hope you all enjoyed it &#x200B;  https://preview.redd.it/ng6e6luc55z91.jpg?width=3535&format=pjpg&auto=webp&s=17e3919c542e06293f266f437873331276291deeI figured I would share my ghost story that took place some five years ago, because why not.  So, this happened in 9th grade, and after school me and my friends would usually take the tram to get home. On this particular day, it was only me and one of my good friends. Usually, we'd get off in the city centre to connect with another bus, but on this day, for some reason, we chose to take it to the end stop (we were tired and sleepy from school I guess). And so we did, but this had now added an hour or so from our already long day, so we were rather keen on getting back home. Though, me and my small bladder needed to use the toilet pretty urgently. Luckily, my friend knew that there was an old metro/train station just beneath where we had gotten off. This station had a medium-sized, red building that served as a waiting area I suppose. It was cloudy outside, and inside this building/house the lights were off, not a single soul to be seen (some ironic foreshadowing). The lighting inside the toilet was fluorescent as well (all this just really sat an eerie ambiance). I go do my business, but in the midst of that, I hear my friend just completely break down. She screams at me to hurry and come out. I laughed it off thinking she was being dramatic or pranking me (which wouldn't be crazy implausible in my defense). But I do eventually come back out, and she hits me with "I just saw a ghost". I'm just stood there thinking "what has gotten into this girl. She's delulu". But she stood her ground and guided me to a mirror that was attached to a door, and told me to just stand there and wait. Not even three seconds later, this ghost, who was clearly an elderly man (he was in a train driver uniform as well, very on brand for the location), comes obliquely from behind and just floated forward straight through the door. It all happened very quickly, and so at that point, I'm just screaming my lungs out and we sprint for the exit. It was a very intense, and very interesting set of events to leave it at that.   I have never been opposed to ghosts existing, on the contrary actually. But I've also found it hard to believe that they present themselves so similar to real humans. Now I know at least. I've seen 4 doppelgangers or some type of mimic in my life.Once when about 13 there was a lot of weird things going around the house being into ghost shows back then I took a picture of the room and in the corner there was 2 faces one that looked like my step-uncle and another of me both had a redish glow in their eyes and a sinister half smile.The other two times I was living with a friend and his family when I was about 18-19 there was this table facing the sliding glass door we'd hang out after a while I started seeing what looked like a shadow version of both his sisters when they'd walk by sometimes and it was only them It would happen to.I tried telling my friend and his mom but they didn't believe me until one day it happened when all 3 of us were talking and they seen it for themselves.Can go more into detail into the other occurrences before and after seeing the spirits if anyone is interested.  If anyone else has had experiences with doppelgangers I'd really like to hear them never really see post about them.Also would like more information on those kind of manifestations if you can.Thanks [https://youtu.be/hB1zNYyLCDY](https://youtu.be/hB1zNYyLCDY)   In September of 2009, I started to believe in ghosts. Now my whole life I would see or hear random things but I was also a child, and had an over active imagination. But I had a weird experience with toothpaste,now I had the caned toothpaste and so young me put the toothpaste on my toothbrush put it back into the medicine cabinet and started to brush my teeth now I was not close to the cabinet. And I was like "it would be funny if a ghost threw this" well I did not believe in ghosts, I did watch a lot of ghost hunting shows growing up. AND as I saw that my toothpaste was thrown out of the cabinet and to the right hand wall. After this I heard a wrong laugh like a he ... He that was slow.    I still live in this house that I now know holds 3-4 ghosts and a demon. I now believe in the paranormal, but I am not   I just want to know if this is a mental illness or real paranormal activity.  So recently, I was driving down the road probably around 11 PM with my daughter in her car seat (under 2 years old) to pick up her mother from work. While driving down the road with music playing and one window down, I am always glancing in my windows and mirrors just to be aware of the road and everything around me. Regularly checking my windows and mirrors i glanced twice at my rearview mirror, and the second time what I saw almost made me swerve off the road into a tree. I looked in my mirror and saw a ghostly woman, with long black hair,fair skin, and dark eyes looking down at my baby in the child seat and then her one eye (side face towards me hair covering half her face) looking right at me in the mirror. After almost swerving off the road i regained control of the car and looked straight ahead and told myself inside my head "Don't freak out, Don't freakout, dont look yet dont look" after a couple of seconds I glance in the mirror again because my childs back there and shes gone. I instantly look back ahead and I'm scared but glad she was not there, Then instantly i turn around and feel around my back seat flooring to make sure its not a real person hiding behind the backseats. There was nothing there and i returned to driving to pick up my wife at her job.  But surprisingly this is not the only thing that's been happening lately, there are even incidents my wife has been having around our house now too. Doors moving slightly, roof ladder hatch slamming randomly (even after i checked how heavy the hatch was to make sure it couldn't be wind, then screwed it straight into the wood so it technically cannot move even if it was wind.)  What makes me question if its a mental illness is the fact a year ago, while i was driving down the road morning time around 8am it sounds like a women in my backseat had just yelled into my ear while i was driving down the road almost causing me to swerve into the oncoming traffic lane. But after regaining control I instantly grabbed the volume nob to turn it down incase it was my speakers but my volume was not even at 10. instantly i realise it wasnt my music and look around the car to see if there was someone else outside and there were barely any cars around. Instantly im on edge now and paranoid while driving to work and worrying if i was going crazy. This is a story I've wanted to tell for a long time.  My family has 2 people, me and my mother. My mother is a teacher, she teaches literature in high school. I was still a middle school student at the time.  Usually after a stressful day, my mother would go out with her friends. At about 2 am. She came home, reeking of beer. On the occasion of her wearing nice clothes, she wanted me to take pictures for her. The front of my house is mostly a large glass door, with iron bars crossed to make a frame. She modeled in front of the door. After a while, I reviewed what had just taken. Everything seemed so normal, until one picture that I noticed something strange. There is a white streak behind the glass door, next to my mother's face. I try to take a closer look.  Unmistakable, it's a face. A white face, with two black eyes looking straight into the camera in a creepy way, so black that it seems to be just an eye socket, and a toothless wide mouth, everything seems to be twisted in to the center of the face. I have a feeling that this is not something that should exist, like I just saw something I shouldn't have, but it is clearly appearing right in front of my eyes. I started to feel cold, the more I looked, the more scared I became. My mother noticed. And want to see what I just took. I told her there was someone behind the door. She yelled at me, called me nonsense. But I know my eyes don't deceive me. And of course, her reaction confirmed everything. Her face darkened, she immediately sobered up, told me to remember to close and lock the door, turn off all the lights, and tell me to go to my bedroom. She also immediately entered her room and closed the door. The next day I checked the camera again, I couldn't find the picture, maybe she deleted it. Since then, she and I have not talked about this anymore.  It's been behind my mind for so many years, I really want to tell someone. It's probably crazy enough not to believe me. But I know I haven't lost my mind, I know what I've seen. And even my imagination is not an element here, because she sees it too. My family doesn't worship anything, and I'm not superstitious, nor do I believe in ghosts. But it was an event that eight years later I still can't forget.Anyone have ideas or suggestions on what to do if you’ve been seeing dark tall figures out of the corner of your eyes? The place I work at as spirits and I’m okay with them, as long as I acknowledge them and tell them to not mess with me. Recently I’ve been seeing a tall black figure just staring at me out of the corner of my eyes and it causes my intuition to become foggy and I’m not able to place what it is or it’s it’s malevolent. It just stares at me, that I can tell but I haven’t acknowledged it when I’m in the room with it. It only happens at work. my mom worked at a hospital, in an operation theatre. sometimes she had to work until late nights, having to sterilise utensils etc. one day she asked me to accompany her to her workplace at night, i suppose she left something behind or remembered to do something she didn't do earlier. so off we went. we entered the place and it felt really off for me. i was about 7 years old at that time so i thought, maybe i was just being scared for no reason. upon entering, she noticed that the a/c in the area had not been turned off, so she turned it off while nagging, accusing one of her colleagues of not turning the a/c before leaving work. we then went further back where she had to do something. once done, we walked back to the entrance as we were about to leave. right when we were passing by the a/c, it switched right back on, we even heard the sound of the switch and the humming of the a/c. i startled. i thought that was weird. but mom didn't say a word. rather, she turned it back off and we walked as casually as we could to the lift. once we were on the lift mom said 'did you see what happened to the a/c?' i nodded, scared. i supposed the dead like it cold. i remember that moment to this day, it was the scariest thing ever. luckily mom was around and she was cool as a cucumber, i guess that's the perk of having worked in a hospital (with a morgue) for a while.I’m not an avid reddit user nor have I ever posted in a thread before, but I’ve been trying to find an explanation for what I experienced/ see if anyone else has ever experienced this before. There’s simply not much to the story, but last night as I was in the early stages of sleep, I felt the strangest thing. It felt as if someone had pinched my butt so hard to the point it shocked me awake. It wasn’t one of those falling dreams that jolt you awake, but a distinct feeling of someone aggressively pinching my butt with two fingers. I woke up in a panic with the reaction of jolting my hips forward and a lingering sting on my one butt cheek … (lol)  Has anyone experienced this? It freaked me out thinking that there was potentially a spirit of some sort pinching my ass???  Side note: I don’t sleep with anything in my bed, I don’t sleep with any other person or pet, and it was for certain not a bug bite. It was the most intense sensation of a two finger pinch. I am familiar with sleep paralysis and have experienced it before, but I don’t think this is a valid explanation as I was not paralyzed and woke up immediately from the sensation/ felt a lingering sting after.  Let me know thoughts or similar experiences. hi my name is ayushman chourasia i am living in India and here i am tell you once of my the incident that make me believe that ghost and super natural thing is existing , i am approximate age 12 that time ,I am came my farm house with my cousins, we play hide and seek i am give den ,in my farmhouse field there are no fence ,it mean we can enter other person field ,i am enter ,then i am seen a person stand on tree , i am shout hey shivam i am see you ,he start running and suddenly in front of my eyes he disappear i am shock ,that is the evening time so i am think its a animal , after a while it was night,i am tell to my cousin that why you running when i am catch you , he say where, i am say in my neighbour field he shout me angrily (why you enter ,this field is haunted the owner is commit suicide because his wife has affair to other person and than she ran away he kill his own 3 children because of anger and also hang himself that is the reason his spirit revolve around the field , i am think what bullshit  story but during night it give chill because whole night i am think am i really see ghost , so reader so plz tell me your opinion is ghost is real or myth When I was 3 years old me and my sister lived in this town house. our bedroom was upstairs and to your left, my moms room was down the hallway and on the right. and some nights on our window we would hear a tap tap tap. One night I needed a drink of water so I asked my mom to go get me one she said no. So I asked my sister to come with me because I was scared. So we go down the 3 stairs and the rest goes around the corner and when we turned the corner we stared to go down the rest of the stairs. We seen this black figure with orange reddish eyes standing at the bottom of the stairs we started yelling for our mom and we ran to her room and we were crying. She said go to your room so we did it didn’t follow us I still don’t know what that was neither my sister. God rest her soul.This happened when I was 9 years old. For the longest time I thought it was a vivid dream and then when I was older my Mom told me it had actually happened.  I woke up in the middle of the night and the entire house was bright and lit up in a way that was not normal. No lamps were on, it was as if the light was shining from above and filling the entire space. I remember feeling scared and I walked into the hallway, calling for my Mom. I saw these dark/black hooded creatures/beings and they put off very negative energy. I knew they were coming for me somehow and they were trying to catch me. I became paralyzed and couldn't move. My Mom came into the hallway and screamed "you are not allowed to be here. You cannot take her. You do NOT have my permission. You need to leave NOW." The creatures/beings seemed to converse with each other telepathically, as if  pondering if they wanted to take my Mom instead, but decided against it. Then they just left. They evaporated or disappeared. The house suddenly was dark, as it was the middle of the night. I don't remember what happened after that. I assume my Mom put me back to bed or maybe I slept with her. The next morning I woke up and just had a foggy memory of a creepy dream. I didn't bring it up until years later and that's when my Mom told me that it wasn't a dream, it had happened. So that's my ghost story. Dark creatures/beings wanted me for some reason and I am very glad I wasn't taken! Very peculiar coincidence. Years ago my college roommates and I lived in an old three story house. The third floor was one large den area. Our bedrooms were on the second floor. On multiple occasions we would hear what sounded like a very heavy person running around. It was loud and distinct.   At some point during our year living there, I got really sick. It was pneumonia and I was feeling absolutely awful. I was taking a lot of medication, some of which was codeine. I was sleeping HARD. I had a super vivid dream where I was laying there in my bed exactly as I actually was. I looked up and there was a man wearing a yellow shirt and overalls. He was a large man. I didn’t feel afraid of him, just unsure of who he was. In my dream I ask him who he is and he just disappears.   This confused me when I woke up because I realized I’ve never noticed color in my dreams before. Or colors never stood out in my dreams before. But the yellow shirt stuck with me for some reason.   Anyway, a few weeks later my roommate gets mono and she’s down BAD. she couldn’t sleep, which is a very common symptom of mono. She felt like she was going nuts being confined to her room without rest. One night she finally got a few hours of sleep, but texted me freaking out that she had a nightmare. I ask her what her dream was, and she said she was laying in her bed looking at her closet, and she saw a huge man wearing a yellow shirt and ugly overalls.   We were both sick and exhausted, and for sure our brains do weird things when our bodies are working hard to get us healthy. But for both of us to see the same man in the same outfit? Very strangeIs it mom brain or ghost baby?  So this morning I was laying in bed in the process of accepting the day and getting ready and I heard my bedroom door creak. I looked over and I saw a very small dimly lit face come through the door and come up to my side of the bed. I thought it was my son (5) so I rolled over and was about to ask him what he wanted.  The whole body was a shadow and the moth nose and eyes were the only parts that were illuminated. He held up a baby doll and one of those magic baby bottles right to the front of his face and just stared at me.  At this point I knew it wasn't my son and I did what any grown woman who made a 22 on her act in highschool would do.... I put the covers over my head and rolled to the other side of the bed. At that point I felt the bed sink down like the boy demon thing got into the bed so I then thought " okay maybe it was my kid" and I looked over and there was nothing. So at this point I know I have to do the proper investigation and see if my kid was in his room. Sure enough he is still in his room tucked away sound asleep.   I also feel it's important to add that my son's door is messed up and he can't fully close it as it has to be finessed shut because the hinges are bent. So if he had opened the door I would have heard a noticeable noise and if he closed it it would have slammed. This is also not the first time I have seen a shadow child try to get in my bed. I have about three other slightly less interesting stories involving this possible spirit if you would like to hear them let me know.For context, there was this kid who'll I'll call Nicholas who went to my school in 2018. One morning Nicholas didn't go to school, which was out of the ordinary for him. Later in the day news spread that Nicholas had been murdered by his mom in a murder-suicide. His death was all over the news and really hurt our town as he was relatively liked by everyone. Now to the story, he haunts the school now. He doesn't seem to be a very aggressive spirit, but he's definitely still present. In the cafeteria bathroom, everytime anyone goes in there, they feel like someone's watching them. One day when I walked into the Cafeteria bathroom the faucet randomly turned on, which can't happen on accident since the faucets require pressure to turn on. Then in the ESL room he tends to knock things over. The ESL room is in the orchestra room, and since I'm in orchestra I get know the going-on's of the ESL class. Frequently things fall off shelves for no abhorrent reason. In orchestra I play the double bass, which means I have to put my bass in the closet everytime I'm not playing it to keep it safe. Everytime I'm there with the lights off I see some shadowy figure looking at the violas with green bands. For context (again), after he died there was an orchestra ceremony for for his passing, and all of the instruments had green bands since they were his favorite colour. That's all the main stories I have, he's rather reserved, but still definitely present. So we moved into my apartment in 2018-2019, it didn't start immediately It started randomly, little things like stuff moving to different places and feeling like something was watching me.   One day last year me and my sister were watching YouTube and it randomly changed to Hulu, the remote was on the table. We changed it back to YouTube and it went back to Hulu again, we were spooked so we decided to play a game. While we were playing we heard a step in my sisters room, we were home alone. We were scared but I got up and went in my sisters room and saw a shadow figure in the corner of my eye.   We were pretty spooked but nothing happened after that besides tiny stuff. Fast forward to yesterday, I had a friend over and me and my friend love watching ghost stories. It was 12pm and we were playing just dance and we heard something fall in the kitchen, we went to investigate and we saw a lid fell. It didn't make sense because it was in the fridge before we were in there, we just went back to playing just dance.   Later on we were sitting on the couch and I randomly felt something staring at me, it wasn't my friend because she was in the bathroom. My friend came out of the bathroom and the first thing she said was "who's standing next to you?" My friend tends to see stuff more then me. I almost crying said "no one is next to me?" Then she said that she blinked and the figure was gone.  I have to be home alone today and honestly I don't know what to do. Friday 18 2022 I am a mom of three children. My oldest is 2 years old and my other daughter is 1 years old and the youngest is my son 6 mouths old. Well today I had gotten a video chat from her dad and he had told me some things that I am surprised that my two year old knew. (Please note: me and my kids dad are not religious) well my kids dad had video chatted with me and asked if anyone had told her about the Bible or anything like that. I said no to that and my kids dad had asked  my daughter WHERE DID YOU LEARN ABOUT THAT???  my daughter responded to him and said GRANDMA TOLD ME THAT. After she responded to him he then asked her WHICH GRANDMA??? She replied to his question and had said MOMMY'S GRANDMA. After hearing her say that I had her dad show her a picture of my grandparents that had passed away and soon as she saw the picture she said THATS GRANDMA AND GRANDAD. My grandfather had passed away in 2013 and my grandmother had passed in 2020. My daughter was born a few months before she died. My grandmother had gotten to meet my daughter when she was just a month old. When she passed away it was during covid. Me and her dad never explained to her who they were yet. Me and her dad were waiting for the kids to get older and then tell them. It's scary how she knew who they were and what she knew about some stuff about the Bible.   Lily(the 2 year old) Akasha(the 1 year old) Indra(6 m) My parents use to stay in a townhome about 5 years ago which in the 80s they were home to only the old people. After everybody passed or sold their townhome they just turned them into apartments,1-4 bedrooms 1-3.5 bathrooms they were pretty big but they barely updated them and the rent was from $800-$1500. They had a lot of deaths there in the 80s mostly from people dying of natural causes, which didn’t bother my parents bc my dad doesn’t believe in ghosts and my mom isn’t scared of anything. One day I took my daughter over to visit my parents, I came in and took a nap, my daughter played downstairs. My mom went to use the bathroom and my daughter came busting into the bathroom telling my mom a bald headed man just went out the patio door with a white stick in his mouth(a cigarette). So they checked the patio, they found nothing and all of the doors were locked. We just assumed she made it up but My daughter kept talking about the bald man,he wore a white shirt and blue jeans. So finally when they were moving  out my mom went to turn in her keys she was telling the landlord about what my daughter had seen, and she tells my mom that it was a man and woman who stayed there, their troubled grown son moved in with them and after they both died he stayed there for maybe a month and finally ended up killing himself in the apartment, she said everyone thought he killed himself because he was so use to his parents doing everything for him and he couldn’t function without them. Back in late January 2022, my dad died in his house so we all kind of moved back to our mothers house. Everyone left except for my oldest brother Jonathan, he had decided to stay there until he couldn't anymore. For context, we had a ghost in there before dad had died called George.   After my dad's funeral, Jonathan was calling my aunt to talk to her then she asked if my younger sister was there. He asked why then my aunt told him she had heard a young girls voice that slowly turned into an oldmans voice. She also heard my dad's voice so that was neat. After this, my aunt found the real name of the ghost then Jonathan said on the way in the house. This is where all the creepy stuff started happening.   After this, anytime he turned on the kitchen light, he would hear loud footprints banging up the basement stairs. At one point, he heard things in the wall and in the ceiling just banging loud.  Once when he was sleeping, he heard loung banging on his bedroom window.. He went out there the next day just to see a pair of foot prints emerge out of thin air then just dissappear. My aunt at some point gave Jonathan a rock light that was supposed to help with paranormal stuff. It worked, it's just he felt something watching him, constantly in the nights of the month he left. He would also hear banging on the cars, like it was trying to lure him out of the house.  He left in April, not due to the ghost but due to the house being put up for rent again. It's safe to say Jonathan accidentally passed off that ghost I don’t normally talk about this just cause it freaked me out but when I was around 11 I had gotten a new wardrobe I was really excited about it as I needed somewhere to store my own clothes,the first few nights were fine then as I was getting into bed I felt something was off a few hours had passed it was midnight I wasn’t able to get any sleep so I played games on my iPad until I heard knocking from inside of the wardrobe,I pinched myself to make sure I was awake I just lay there facing the wardrobe.I could see the wardrobe moving from the inside the door moving open and close only slightly so I couldn’t see the inside.I finally got some strength to get up and run to my parents room and I asked them to check the wardrobe nothing was in there it was empty till this day I keep my wardrobe doors wide open and I don’t hear it anymore I had spoken to a friend about it she thought a spirit might have been stuck in there who knows! I was about 5-6 years old, so about 01-02. My paternal grandmother was a sweet woman in her older years from what I can remember of her though it's very little.   A little background; my grandmother had many illnesses as she grew older and my mother was a R.N at the time and was able to care for her whenever possible. The nursing facility my grandmother was in was fairly decent to my knowledge.   Right around the time I saw her still alive, something felt different to me when I would visit her, I couldn't quite tell at that time though now looking back at it as an adult, I'm fairly certain I could see her soul was slowly disconnecting from her earthly form. It was like looking at a doll when I visited her for the last time.  Right about the time I had turned 6, I was sleeping in my mom's room because I was afraid of the dark. My grandpa was in the living room waiting for my mom to come home from work. Well around 10 or 11, I feel someone touch my shoulder gently and wake me up. I sat up in bed and looked, utterly confused. The person standing next to the bed was my grandmother, wearing her favorite nightgown with little clouds and flowers all over it. She sat on the bed next to me with a gentle smile on her face. I remember this so vividly to this day.  I asked her "What are you doing here grandma? How'd you get past grandpa?"  She replied softly back in what sounded like an echo to me at the time; "I'm going to a better place sweet heart, I will always be with you no matter what. You will understand when you're older. I love you dearly."  I was confused by what she had said back then. She gave me a goodbye kiss on the forehead, stood up from the bed and faded in a gentle white mist.  Literally a minute or so later, my mom comes home crying. I could hear her and my grandpa talking softly about my grandmother though I didn't understand at that time. My mom had come into the bedroom, saw me awake and was startled. She had asked me why I was awake and I told her that "grandma told me goodbye".   I found out years later that my grandmother had passed away in her sleep and my mom was called in to the morgue to identify my grandmother. My grandmother's recorded death time was about 11 to midnight if I remember correctly.   To this day, every now and then I can feel my grandmother nearby, she always wore a rose scented perfume when she was alive. It's not often though if I'm in a really dark place, she comes around to check on me. I miss her dearly and wish I had more photos of her when she was alive.Summer of 2022, I am a cadet, and we had to stay at this old army base (can’t give location due to privacy reasons) it was about one week in. One night I had to pee really bad, and basically my dorm was at the very bottom of this long hall, as I entered the toilet I began to feel very uncomfortable like someone was watching me, I went into the nearest stall and done my buisness, I went over to the sink to wash my hands. I heated a door slam at the other side of the toilets but I brushed it off as one of my fellow cadets, but then the door the stall I was just in slammed shut and my heart was in my throat. There was no way that it could have been a gust of wind because it was relatively warm. I have never shared this story up until now. Nothing can explain that night. I’m gonna start this off with a little back story. My grandfather died during the building of my current house, he and my grandmother had just gotten the land and started to build on it. This land has been in my family since they moved from Holland to Canada in the early 1900s. The wall across from the bathroom door is covered in mirrors (this is relèvent later). The upstairs bathroom is the most active place in the whole house; the door handle starts to turn or jiggle on its own when I’m the only one here (it just did it as I was writing this), the mirror is a sort of cupboard thing and the mirror keeps opening to create a vortex with the hallway mirror, I’ve literally started taping the mirror shut with duct tape and it still opens without fail and random finger prints show up on the mirror outside of my bathroom (the mirror is now relèvent). I don’t know if it’s just coincidences or if it’s actually haunted but I wanna get a second opinion. &#x200B;  https://preview.redd.it/niwnkbhyc71a1.jpg?width=2358&format=pjpg&auto=webp&s=7d780163601f67e21ae598d202f804e5741031b0 I’m a 19 year old currently doing my first year in an arts school in Singapore. Before attending this school, I have heard a lot of stories about this school like, students hearing soldiers marching in the building at 9pm, women crying in the toilets, and people running in the school building even though it’s already 12 midnight. However, I always thought of a realistic explanation in these stories. Come on, it's an arts school! Those marching could be the dance students, crying in the toilet is common because of the stress students get from the assignments and running at 12 midnight? I did that a few times to run away from the guards because I couldn’t use my own laptop to do my assignments so I stayed in the school’s computer labs to do them. But on 18 November 2022, something horrifying happened that changed my mind…  It was a Friday night and there weren’t a lot of students in the building. My school is located at the heart of the busiest location in Singapore. Clubs and bars were nearby, we’re surrounded by hotels and we’re pretty much surrounded by iconic places and malls. So most students are out to party, especially because it was the last day of the semester. I was in my classroom, alone doing my assignments. I was having a bad day and I did not bother going to a cafe or just going home to do my work because I really needed to smoke from time to time. I wasn’t smoking cigarettes, of course. My classroom could have detected that but I always bring a vape with me to smoke it while I’m alone in class. Living in a strict country AND home, I am not allowed to vape at all, hence why I’m doing my assignments in the classroom.  I looked at the time and it was already 10:30pm. I was surprised the guards didn’t even bother going up to check if students left the property already. I debated if I should stay or leave later and catch the last train. I stayed, somehow and continued doing my essay. A while later, I heard someone trying to open the door. The door isn’t locked or anything, it can only be open with the staff and students ID cards. I looked at the glass panel of the door and I didn’t see anyone. I opened the door and I didn’t see anyone. It’s impossible for someone to run and hide, it takes quite a while to find a place to hide because it is an open space. At that point, I was still not creeped out as I was stressed with the assignments. It happened again but this time, I saw a creepy face in the panel looking straight at me. Its eyes were wide open, a huge grin on its face and the rest of the face was just pitch black. I froze, not knowing if I should look away but at this point, this thing knew I could see it. I reached for my phone slowly while looking at it, not blinking at all. It watched my movements intensely. The door handle shook again and I have never been so thankful of the card function for the door.  I quickly called my boyfriend who was at a gig nearby and frantically asked him to come to my school to fetch me. This thing wouldn’t go away and at this point, I keep asking myself if that was human with a mask but its features move naturally. My boyfriend facetimed me this time and I looked at the screen to look at where he was at. I looked up again and the face wasn't there anymore. I looked at the screen and I could see my boyfriend reaching the classroom. The door shook again but this time, it’s my boyfriend. I opened the door and hugged him. I was shaking so bad and the whole time we hugged, he calmed down and told me he didn’t see anything so we’re safe now. We packed my bag and immediately left the building. We have this belief where if a ghost or a spirit shows itself to you, you are not allowed to go home immediately as it will follow you. Instead of catching the last train, my boyfriend and I decided to sit at a nearby coffee shop and eat supper.  Though, it happened recently, I don’t know what that was and I am never staying in the classroom late at night alone…This happened some time ago in the early 2000s it’s not made up I really experienced these events even if they sound crazy. My parents were in a rough patch and my dad had moved out of the house. I was in high school at the time. It started out one night my mom and I were watching tv. It sounded like scratching noises/heavy dragging noises in the attic and we immediately assumed raccoons. I don’t remember the timeline exactly but we kept hearing this noise and each time (maybe a few nights later or a week later) the noise slowly crossed from one end the attic all the way to the other end of the house( my mom did have a company come check for animals but they didn’t find any). Then the real scary stuff started happening. I was asleep one night and woke up to a figure next to my bed, My best description is a shadow person, i slowly grabbed my blanket and covered myself up with just a peep hole to watch it, it was entirely black even darker than the dark room around it and it looked like the darkness was slowly steaming off of it. I was both amazed and terrified I watched it for what felt like hours until it slowly backed out of my room, I was afraid to leave my bed eventually I fell asleep. The next morning at breakfast my mom said she saw someone standing at the foot of her bed and then I told her what I had seen. There was a heaviness in the house after that. Other times I remember waking up at night and hearing voices and whispering, sometimes I could hear music playing like it was an old old theater or something, when I peaked outside my room the noises would cease. One nightthe dresser drawing at the foot of my bed slammed open and shut, another night mom starting screaming in the middle of the night and I grabbed my baseball bat and ran into her room. Just outside of her bedroom door was a chair and I swear I saw this shadow figure sitting in it as I ran into her room. She told me someone had laid down on the bed next to her. As the events/encounters progressively got more frightening we were afraid to stay in the house at night, I would sleep with all the lights on, if I could sleep at all. We started spending the night in a hotel. Even in the day time you would hear things like someone calling your name. I can’t remember how long the haunting lasted I’m guessing at least 3-4 months had passed and my mother was tired of being afraid in her own house so she had the house blessed. Sometime in the next few days my mom was heating up a cup of water for tea in the microwave and it exploded in the microwave, I asked her how long she had put it in the microwave then boom these loud scratching sound ran down the walls around us a dark mist filled the house the voices and whispers all around us my mother and I grabbed each other’s arms in horror all these sounds were happening simultaneously and then this very deep unnatural voice began talking over all the other noise it was deep and unnatural and if it was some sort of language I’ve never heard anything like it, not even to this day. As my mother and I stood there we looked down the hall toward the voice something was there like a fucking horror movie it was quadrupedal made of the darkness (like drawing with a sharpie in the air) it had what looked like several rows of spins down it’s back and then my mother started to pray and so did I. The creature slowly backed down the hall and into a bedroom and slowly all the noises and voices  faded away the mist /haze seemed to follow it down the hallway until everything returned to normal. Never saw or experienced anything again in that house. If anyone was curious yes when friends came over they would have experiences as well. I’ve had other experiences since then but nothing like back then. Sorry for the length (I’m sure I’ve left out some bits) thanks for reading Over a decade ago I was reading one of these Haunted Canada books, I think it was 2 or 3, but one of the early ones, and one of the stories was that before ships carried wireless radio, a ship was sailing likely in the Atlantic or possibly the Great Lakes. On two occasions the Captain heard a man's voice tell him to change his course and he asked the crew why they wanted to change course, but they didn't know what he was talking about. On the third occasion he actually saw a man which he didn't recognize and after asking the crew if they saw a man walk through to which they replied no, he altered his course. The next day they spotted a battered ship on the verge of sinking and rescued everyone on that ship. When explaining to the passengers and crew of this ship how he found them, he drew a picture of what this man looked like and a passenger said that was her husband who had died many years prior.  This story popped back into my head after watching a video about a ghost ship and I'm curious if there is any more information and references about this story and also what the ships names were. This happened when I was 17 so about 10 years ago… I’m a native of Nevada born and raised in Reno. Always have been interested in the paranormal since my first experience when I was about 7. So, one day my friend and I decided to go to Virginia City and go on some tours to try and get some evidence of the paranormal. We get there and just the whole vibe was idk weird I guess like we knew things were going to happen that day. So, we’re on a tour of the Mackay Mansion we get directed out towards the backyard to walk around and keep in mind my friend was about 20ft behind me and also had people 30ft in front of me when all the sudden in my left ear I hear someone whisper HEY. I turn around and was like dude was that you?! But he was so far away there was no way hey could’ve done that. But, seriously hands down the best experience I’ve ever had. That just one part there was a lot of things that happened that day.   so last night this thing happened with me because of that i was so scared i couldnt sleep a wink. every night i sleep kinda late like 1-1.30 am but last night i slept at like 2am ig yea i fell asleep n i sleep on my stomach, and after awhile my heart started beating really fast n i felt really uneasy like i was aware of my surroundings like the dogs barking in my area also they usually bark but last night they barking more idk if it was bcs of it idk and my eyes were a half open but i couldnt feel my eyes opening n suddenly i saw a skeleton with a dark aura like it was whole black n that was sleeping next to me like how i was sleeping on my stomach the same way n was keeping his hands on my hands n when i was trying to get up or scream i couldnt move or say anything n i felt like he was saying something more like making a sound “teeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee” after that i woke up n turned the lights on n went to my mom’s room.  this was the 2nd time this happened last time it felt like it was dream so i didnt thought about it much like i was sleeping on my stomach facing on left and in that dream i was sleeping on my stomach facing on the left too (i always sleep like that bcs im scared to face the roof) i wanted to wake up in real life bcs i felt uneasy but i woke up in that dream n saw a really scary something thst was infront of my face n i immediately closed my eyes n woke up again (in real) n i was in the same position same everything but there was nothing infront of me so i slept again n it was alright.    also ill really appreciate it if i can get your opinion in it .  have a great day 🤍 I was around the age of 7 years old everyone else was asleep I was up late watching tv trying to go to sleep it was around 3:45 am when I looked out the window and saw a shadow figure move really fast  I looked away for a couple minutes and it was still their but no one was  outside of the window I didn’t hear foot steps in the grass.   then around 3:58 am I felt someone breathing on my neck as the breathing got louder I felt a hand on my shoulder when I looked behind me a tall black figure with a hat one arm down and one arm touching my shoulder it had long fingers. 4:30 am comes the shadow person is gone I finally went to sleep.    When I was 11-12 years old I started seeing shadow people with deep red eyes glowing then then person would disappear then they would appear a few minutes after I saw the first shadow person. I saw shadow people with white eyes creepy smiles that would whisper and then they would disappear into the darkness.    As I got older 12-14 I would start falling asleep before 3am and sleep until 4am or 4:30 am so I didn’t have to experience that again because if I do I know it’s going to be much worse and much more powerful    Between the ages 15-17 I started to do  some research on what I saw I watched a YouTube video about creepy paranormal encounters that have happened to other people later in the video the topic on shadow people was being discussed. I was relieved that I wasn’t going through these experiences alone that I wasn’t going insaneThis is my experience, cross-posted from r/paranormal. I wouldn't consider myself a very spiritual person, but I have no explanation for what I encountered on my family's property and was hoping someone had an answer as to whether or not this was some kind of spirit or entity?   My family has around 360 acres in northern Oklahoma that has been in our family since the land rush. Growing up, the family would meet there for thanksgiving and Christmas, but as the family expanded, it was quickly outgrown. Nowadays, I'm about the only person that goes there, and I go/went there regularly to train with my firearms.   I went there earlier this year and had an experience that shook me so badly, that I haven't spoken about it until recently and will never go back there alone. I arrived around 2pm and set up my targets, but something felt off. I use an electronic headset for hearing protection that also amplifies ambient noise, and I noticed that everything seemed to stop. No wind, no bugs, no birds, nothing. Just complete and total silence, which is very unusual for the area.   I run my normal drills and as the sun starts to set, things get stranger. Odd smells (like a dirty litterbox + body odor) started coming around, and I noticed that the coyotes were crossing the field west of me, almost as if they were intentionally avoiding entering the woods nearby. Then, I started hearing interference coming over my headset, and what sounded like disembodied voices speaking in an indiscernible language. Now, I'm starting to worry. I start gathering my things, and I hear what sounds like a woman's blood-curdling screams coming from the woods. Around the same time, I got what I can only describe as a nauseating, omnidirectional feeling of being watched, shortly followed by very distinct footsteps trudging through the foliage in the treeline approximately 30yds from my position. I've been an avid hunter since childhood and familiar with noises of the woods, and the cadence of the footsteps were indicative of a large, bipedal creature- oddly human like.   I pull my phone out to take video, and I start scanning the treeline with my flashlight. Standing behind a tree at the edge of the treeline, was a tall, black silhouette with spindly limbs and a pale face, looking directly at me. I managed to capture a great still image of it from the video that I will try to find and attach. I quickly grabbed my range bag and made a run towards my truck. I get about 50yds from the truck, and the lightpost on our property (that is hooked up to county power and has never turned off in the 20 years I've been going here) suddenly cuts off. Now, I'm blindly running in the direction I *believe* my truck is in while I hit the unlock button on my fob to find the lights. I get in my truck, speed off, and as I'm watching in the rearview, the lightpost turns back on.   I apologize for the long post, but I'm finally ready to get this out in the open for interpretation. I tend to think of myself as a rational person that doesn't necessarily believe in the "woo" kind of stuff. Although, my mother described me as being sensitive and somewhat gravitated towards "energies" as a child. I was doing everything I could to rationalize or come up with a reasonable explanation for the things I was experiencing, but I have no explanation. The kind of fear this experience put into me is/was unlike any kind of fear I'd ever felt. I don't really know that much about her experience with this but from what she told me she was I think 5 (I don't that's it but she was under ten) and she was hanging with her sister. I think she said she was reading and then she felt something pulling at her and it was literally pulling her through the wall and then sister pulled her out. So I think that my friend almost got pulled into the spirit world, I really hope that wasn't the case though. The only experience I have that is anywhere like this when I dream that I was in my old house and something was watching in the dream then when I woke up I was outside of my granddad's bedroom and a few months later we learned that his closet was haunted. Anyone know some stories from the French quarter?  Anything beside the usual lalaurie mansion or Jean laffites.   Ps: i know I definitely spelt those names wrong. Hello! This story will all be true story's based on different times in mu family's life's. Alot of the story's I got from them so idc if there 100% true but 90% are:) and I'm not going to start from the begging . Alot of the interesting stuff happens later on.         My property was surrounded in deep woods for miles . The house was 4 story's tall and made out of woods and the only source of heating was a Wood stove.       I'm not going to read there name for privacy but I will write out there initials.       At the time me my brother (g) my younger brother(L) my twin sister(A) and my mother (M) and my step father (J) my step sister( N) my step brother( AD)and out best friend(F)       We invited F over for a sleepover , he slept over most  nights and we all always played a game. Sence we had a large front yard we would play what we called "Jason" the rules of the game is simple. 1. The game is only to be played after 10:00 pm 2. Only children can participate  3. If you dead then you must wait on the porch or Jason can call on 2 helpers. 4.the helpers can't use flashlights but must always carry one on them  5. Jason can't carry on either 6.jason must last people know who he or she is. 7.the yards the boundary (including garden)  8 .Jason must count 3 minutes that seek the victims  9.if found by Jason you need to be tagged to be caught 10. Every few minutes the victims need to flash there flashlights for 5 seconds.   11. No hiding in the place forever. 12. No cheating Despite how it sounds it was really fun and played it often(not my parents fault) We drew straws and my friends F has to be Jason.  He waited inside and we all ran outside in groups of 2. Me and A both ran outside and his under the picnic table in the middle of the yard, sence we had almost 0 visibility this was out best plan. F ran outside and found us very quick. He crawled under the table and happen to get my sister first. I ran out while he was stuck and ran up the slide to the jungle gym. He was much faster than we and was going to catch me. I made the risky decision to jump off the jungle gym . This would have worked out if didn't happen to land on a large nail. It went into the soul of my shoe and right through thr bottom of my foot a good few inches. I scream in pain as everyone rushed over to me to see what happend . The nail was stuck in there for a sec but fell out quickly after.  Blood soaked my foot as there dragged me up the stares and into the house. While in the house mother was furious as she patches my wounds." You guys aren't aloud to play this anymore," she said in a angry tone. It was understandable.  We made a big mistake and I had to pay for it. I had my foot bandaged up . Me ,G and F all went to the basement for that was where we had our gaming room..it has couches chairs tvs and Xbox. We spent hours in there paying games,  telling story's, giving dares. It was fun. We decided it was time for bead and all headed to our room.  We all slept in the same room via sleepover rules.  We snuck out of the house a few times and were finally ready for bed when we all heard my mother call for me outside.  It was 3am what was she doing outside we all thought. She checked her room and she was right there. Although we were all really freaked out we decided to do monster hunting. We would look out this window in my room and look out for anything that might be out there. We never found anything but it was fun anyway.  We got all set up and looked out the window and turned the flashlight on to our absolute horror. In a tree 20 feet from the window was a human, it looked sorta human but was skinny white and partially covered in fur. It stared at us and we stared back.  F And G both went away from the window and didn't look back. We all never talked about it again but we all know it happend . The nail I stept on dissappear shortly after in the morning .  This was one of my longer story's and some of you aren't going to belive it but alot of things happend there. You name somthing I could tell you about how somthig simular happend there. Bye:)I don't really know if these were ghost but I'd say they were pretty close! So back from when I was a baby in 2008 to when I was about 5 in 2013, I saw these things that I called the Moos. Normally they would **watch me** through windows and make this very distinct hum. They had this kind of distorted face and cloak like a grim reaper on. It got to the point where I wouldn't let my mother keep the windows open and the blinds had to be down. These Moos only I could see had a very distinct emotion when you stare at them too long which just scared the shit out of me. It's a feeling I can only experience at night at my aunt's house. And it's a feeling I don't want to experience again. So one night back in 2017 I was walking by this field in one of my neighborhood and I noticed shadows on the ground were shaped like demons and I could move them it was really bizarre this continued all through the summer and I thought I was loosing my marbles what do you guys think bad or good Last week I slept on the couch and I woke up to turn around, switch positions , as I opened my eyes I seen a shadow standing in front of the t.v.....I shook my head to open my eyes better but as I opened my eyes it disappeared like \*\*poof\*\* . 3 days ago I am walking to the grocery store and I seen a shadow following me. I dont know but this is not the first time it happened. kinda freaked out   Can shadows follow you ?My grandma unfortunately passed away around 5 years ago. She was living here with my grandpa and they were both on my mom's side. And unfortunately again, yesterday my grandfather passed.   What makes this a ghost story is what happened twice the night before their passing. The night after my grandma passed my mom had a very vivid dream she told us about.   The dream started with My grandma coming out of her room. My mom was in tears asking her "Mom are you okay" and grandma reassured her multiple times "don't worry don't worry I'm fine" my mom looks down and noticed that my grandma's oxygen tank wasn't plugged and and she wasn't connected to it. "Mom your oxygen!" My mom said. Grandma looked at her endearingly and said "oh I don't need that thing anymore!" And she then woke up.  Fast forwarding to more recently, my grandpa has been very sick recently. He gave up on his health and took very very poor care of himself and don't exept Any help and often said he wanted to die. My mom tried so hard to get him to change his life and go to a hospital but he would not go or take any medicine.  One day we heard nothing coming from his room. We could ussally hear a tv on, him coughing once and awhile but there was nothing. At this point he was gone but we didint know that. That night she had another dream but this time with my grandpa. He walked out of his room and made his way to the restroom and mom asked "Oh my god are you fine we haven't heard from you" He smiled looked at her and said "yes, we're fine again" and slowly smiled with tears in his eyes and she woke up the next day and ran into the room and found him passed away.   What makes it extra weird is that both dreams happened the night of the day they passed even though my mom did not know that my grandpa died that day.  (English is not my first language sorry for the mistakes."  So to give some background information, I'm spiritual, if you don't know what that is Spirituality involves the recognition of a feeling or sense or belief that there is something greater than myself, something more to being human than the sensory experience I believe in souls, spirit guides and reincarnation, etc.  My friend is a medium and can connect with spirit guides and also ghosts/souls. My friend and I were hanging out at her place, we had the house to ourselves and decided to do a session. She was doing a session on me and I asked normal questions like "What's my future like" and so on. Until I asked a question about one of my friends, this friend of mine has some trouble, and has been battling depression, anxiety, and some other things. I asked if we could try and connect with her spirit guides and ask what was happening to her, we tried that... bad idea.  My friend who was doing the session had her eyes closed and was holding my hand, her face started to twitch in an uncomfy way, but I didn't want to disturb her so I said nothing. Suddenly the room we were in had this weird vibe, an unwelcoming vibe just a very unpleasant vibe.  She suddenly stood up from the couch we were sitting on, she went to grab some incense lights, and started saying "you're not welcome here, get out of my house!"I've never experienced anything like this as I was new to all of this at the time.  Suddenly this terrible feeling came rushing to me, I don't know how to describe it, I think anyone that met a ghost/soul knows what I'm talking about. The best way I can put it is trapped, I felt trapped. no matter where I went in the room I felt trapped and small like I was someone's prey like I was being watched.  Thankfully my friend got this ghost/soul out of the house and we sat down to talk about what just happened. My friend told me this is what is called a "clinging spirit." It's a spirit that feeds on negativity and sadness or in my friend's case her depression and anxiety.  My friend told me what she saw afterward, to understand this you need to understand the floor plan. So right as you enter the house there's a staircase that goes upstairs, and on the right is the kitchen and on the left is the living room. (Where we were) Neither of these rooms has doors it's just the wall with a hole in it. The living room couch is at the opposite end of the entryway so you have a full view from there.  My friend said in the doorway she saw this tall and skinny black goo, it had no face but it had the shape of a woman's body, the moment it appeared in the doorway it started screaming at my friend like a very loud painful screaming, a horror movie scream. The moment she opened her eyes the ghost wasn't there but the feeling of its presence was, that's also what I felt.  After all, this happened we called my friend's mom and sister and we slept in the guest room, as we were to afraid to go upstairs to my friend's bedroom. (We were 15 when this happened)  I just wanted to share this as I'm new to Reddit so thought this was a good start to welcome myself here. :) Hey, I'm new as I just had my first sighting but I feel the need to tell people for ANY EXPLANATION POSSBLE!!  The first one may have an explanation but I believe it to be contact from an unknown power.  The first sighting: This is not really a sighting but an experience which is, in the corner of our dining room is an old wooden cabinet that we have things like glasses and memories inside.  One early morning we were packing to go on holiday and we opened the cabinet for some reason, and a glass flew out at us, there were no glasses at the edge. The next one with the cabinet is we were having dinner a couple of weeks later and the largest elephant ornament was 1 foot away from falling off the top. We thought it was due to someone jumping but it was the largest and heaviest thing on there. You could see the skid marks on the dust after you lifted the elephant up, meaning something had moved it.    The 2nd and scariest sighting: Same house, nothing different. My parents were on holiday and my sister was In bed. Just me downstairs. I looked at my 2nd monitor as I was playing on my PC and in the corner of my eye, I saw a dark, tall figure walk from the cabinet to the kitchen. Me being an idiot told my friend "One sec" and I ran to the kitchen and there was nothing.  A week later I told my family and my sister responded, "Yeah, I've seen it a couple of times!" And my dad said once he was in the living room and he saw it as clear as day walk opposite him and matched the description I gave when I hadn't told them what it looked like. Spooky! I was 8 or 9 year old when this happened. Every night around 2am I used to hear a hammering sound coming from the first floor. For context I live in a house which have three floors with a roof and the hammering sounds always came from the first floor, I always thought my uncle (my father's brother) may be doing something, because he always complained about how he couldn't sleep at night. I thought he might have found a new hobby or something, but no one else ever complained about that noise or even mentioned it. Anyways My bedroom was on third floor and it had a balcony with a wooden door. One night my father was out of city for some work and all of my other family members were asleep so I decided to stay up all night and watch TV, but I feel asleep. I woke up to a loud banging sound coming from the balcony door,  I immediately got up and asked in a voice that I am not scared "who is outside" and the banging got louder. I screamed very loudly and my mom came up to my  and asked why I was screaming? I was crying so she hugged me and asked again, as I was trying to tell her about what have happened, the banging on the door started again and it was so brutal this time that I thought it might broke that door. My mother called my father's friend who was a police officer and informed my father as well. After my father's friend came, he checked the balcony and there was nothing there, he even asked us to check it with him so we wouldn't be afraid of our own house. After that nothing like that ever happened again and the hammering sound well never heard that again too. I never asked my family about that hammering sound because I am still afraid that I was the only one that was hearing it.When you think of a ghost dog some may think,lost innocent spirit and others may think demonic. In my case I'm not really sure how I feel about what I saw.  It all began 2017,I had a friend over and we had been playing Minecraft on the PlayStation 3 ,We played for hours on end having the time of our lives everything was going so Well,until... My grandpa cake storming out his room demanding we go to sleep,My friend being completely terrified of my grandpa went to sleep immediately. On the other hand I decided to see if I could stay up all night -note:we were sleeping on our L shaped couch together she was on one side and I was on the other- Hours passed I was still lying awake with no phone only a crappy dinosaur watch from checkers(shop) I couldn't tell the time even though i was eleven and everyone else in my class could I sort of figured it was about three because the hands were on three,I stopped staring at the roof and looked over to the mini lounge next to the couch that had 2 pink velvet couches one of which to my disbelief a dog appeared standing on top of the back of the couch of the 2 seater sofa,it wasn't a normal dog though,it was a skeleton of a dog quite a big dog it was staring forward into the mirror across the room,its eyes red and body emittingblack smoke. Im that moment I didn't feel any fear more a sense of curiosity and calmness,i wasn't afraid whatsoever and just stared,i thought I was asleep but I was awake and it was really happening I just lay there staring at this demonic looking dog,no sound,around the surrounding area displayed faint color of the objects around me accompanied by fuzz ,sprinkles of grey. This dog disappeared after a few blinks. In the morning my friend woke in her own pee,she had peed the bed she has never done it before and it could have been a coincidence but I don't think so.  To this day everyone has put this up to my imagination but I know it was real  (This actually happened btw) I do not know what is happening, but I think we have a ghost. We have a smart bulb in our bedroom and last night it came on while we were asleep. I woke up and nudged my boyfriend to ask if he turned it on and he said he didn’t. All of a sudden it shut off. Then it came back on, dimmed, went super bright, then turned back off. It did it three times. We decided to shrug it off thinking it was the wifi or Alexa acting up. When we laid back in bed and started going back to sleep, we heard a clear as day “Psst… hey.” and instantly had chills down our bodies. We both snapped up out of bed so fast. I stayed in the doorway of the bedroom while my boyfriend cleared the house due to him being a police officer and our area having a lot of B&Es lately. Everything was normal and the doors were still locked. Our dog never reacted when this happened and the Alexa showed no recent activity in the activity log. What do you guys think? If it is a ghost, is there a way to get it to leave our home? I love to take shower at night but tonight somethin spooky happened with me...   When i was showering ....i heard someones laughin      I thought it would be ....someone...from ...diff room   But...when i applied a  shower gel ...     I felt a tingling on my back...with cold fingers  And ...suddenly lights blinked for ...a sec      I freaked out...and left the ...bathroom  and i heard some girl. Ghost ...gigling ....in tht ...      I m thinkin to shift from here So to give you a quick contex… me and my 3 friends explored this abandoned house should 5 years ago (our sophomore year of highschool) and this house had the creepiest energy and it also had a ouija board inside a room with a bunch of scratch marks, so it was forever known as the creepy haunted abandoned house.  Some more context, I had a dream on this road that I will be referencing where I was driving and on this road were these two ghostly looking figured with decayed faces that were absolutely terrifying  Ok so now for the story: I was hanging at my friends house with my two other friends, I’ll call them Harold and Pete. We played the new horror game the devil inside me so we were already kind of creeped out. We left out buddies and Harold left about 5 minutes before I did. As I’m driving I get to the road that I had a dream on, obviously at this point I’m not thinking anything of it. However, Harold calls me kinda freaking out about how he drive past that abandoned house (which has always been on the way to his house) has the main hall light on, which has never once been on. He was telling me how freaky it was that this was the first time it’s ever happened especially after playing this horror game.   Now immediately after he told me this, I felt a huge vibe change. Turned into this super dark vibe and immediately I knew something was gonna happen. I thought back on that dream I had and thought for sure something was gonna happen. As I approached this spot in my dream, a raccoon came out of no where and I smacked the shit out of it. My first ever time hitting an animal was right after Harold called me about that house. That whole vibe felt like it was all planned.   The fact that this all happened at once within a couple minutes, was pretty crazy . I do believe he called me with that bad juju and this all happened because of that. I feel like I didn’t explain this the best I could but thought I would share Alright, so this must have been early 2000's during the summer after I was in 3rd or 4th grade. My mom had just gotten a new flip phone and, if you remember, back then you could record audio and make it your ringtone. I was in the backseat of her van as my mom was driving me home from her parents. We had just pulled out of the driveway when I took her phone to record the guitar solo that was playing on the radio. I honestly wish I remember what song it was, but unfortunately do not. It was most likely a classic rock song though as that is mainly what she used to listen to. Anyway, I recorded like a 15 second clip of the song to make a ringtone, but when I play it back there were words, "Can you, can you, can you hear me, can you, can you, can you hear me, can you hear me?" It was very clear, and I showed it to multiple people that all heard the same thing. It kind of sounded like stitch, from lilo & stitch saying it while gargling water. And what was really weird the last "me" that was said turned back into a guitar strum.. Could be a glitch, could be a ghost, idk but I definitely had physical proof of something... About 7-8 years ago I was spending the night at my gfs parents house. Was about 1:30 am, and had fallen asleep to a movie with my gf. When I woke, I decided to run upstairs to the garage to have a smoke. (She’s fast asleep snoring in her downstairs bedroom) I proceed to head down the stairs about 10 minutes later. When I make it about 4 steps down to reveal most of the basement floor (beyond the header) I see a girl with long dark hair wearing a night gown straight on directionally toward the stairs. I completely froze at the 3rd of 4th step and could only see her hair and beyond down to her bare feet. Couldn’t see her face. But ABSOLUTELY clear as a person. No fuzz or distortion. This was high definition. My brain kicked into trying to reason. She looked kinda like my girlfriend who just got out of the shower. so I stood. She froze. And I called out my gfs name. She immediately spun a took off to the bedroom.(silently) not a sound of footfall. I tore off around the corner after whatever I just saw to see the bedroom door was closed and latched. No girl. I open the door to see my girlfriend still snoring under the blanket Have never experienced the absolute confusion and adrenaline of that night since. Can not explain.A couple years ago (2020), I performed in a small town production of the play And Then There Were None by Agatha Christie.  We performed it in an old hall that was built right on top of an old military shooting range dating back to World War II. You can actually still see all the dirt mounts they shot at in the hall’s basement as well as some bullet casings still laying around.  Anyways, lots of the older folks in the cast who have done many shows in that hall claimed it to be haunted. Ghost stories always excite me, so I loved hear about it. They mostly mentioned how there’s this overwhelming sense of fear in the green room/dressing room when you’re alone at night, so most of them hated being the ones to lock the place up after hours.  During one show, there was a part when I was the only person backstage on the one side. We had big black curtains that blocked the audience from seeing the backstage whenever the door on that side of the set was opened. On this night, one side of the curtain moved very suddenly as if someone had just opened the door, and walked past. However, this was at a point in the script when nobody comes through that door other than myself when walking onstage.  I thought maybe somebody did come backstage, but when I checked, there wasn’t a soul near that curtain. And the way the curtain moved couldn’t have been from any random gust of wind.  I can’t really explain it, but I kinda just shrugged it off at the moment, and joked to myself that the ghost just wanted to come see the show.  Thanks for taking the time to read my story! The horror of Gladstone villa is that there was more than one ghost there and it was meant for one family.  This was a genuine experience that even convinced a skeptic and a non believer so it's worth a look and needs to be documented and shared with others, you may research this.  What the family experienced defied rational explanation such as very mild poltergeist activity like lights going off and on electrical cables being pulled by unseen forces and there was the occasional sighting but this was very rare. All this occurred in the former mining town of Bargoed in the Caerphilly county borough of the South Wales valleys from 1969 to the June of 1978.  Bill Higgs and his wife Rita moved into Gladstone villa with their only daughter Caroline some time in 1960, everything was fine, no incidents at all.  Caroline left school in 1965 and got a job in the bake house in Baldwin street, days regular. It was at the bake house she met Douglas Dexter, he was from the neighbouring village of Aberbargoed, he was nights regular but he often stayed behind to make a cup of tea for Caroline. They started dating and were together for three years before they got married in April 1968. They didn't get their own place, they lived at Gladstone villa with Bill and Rita.  Douglas and Caroline's son was born in the August of 1969 and it was soon after this that things started to happen.  Caroline said it all started off in the attic. The family were all down stairs when they heard what sounded like someone jumping on the landing from the ceiling. They looked to see what was going on, naturally thinking it was a Break in but when they reached the top of the landing nobody was there but the hatch to the attic was open. From that day on the odd activity continued on a daily bases and whatever it was eventually occupied itself in the master bedroom which incidentally belonged to Bill and Rita. Noises like loud bangs and dragging sounds could be heard, footsteps were heard in the bedroom every evening, sometimes during the day when the family would be downstairs watching TV, Bill would turn the volume down to hear it more clearly.  Caroline said that on one occasion she went to her son Andrews cot to find the pillow torn in half.  Bill would record the noises with his tape recorder and once he played it back he heard the sound of an abundance pulling up outside but there was no ambulance, a warning?. Soon after this Andrew was in a Cardiff hospital in an oxygen tent, he of course recovered from this. A priest was called to Gladstone villa, he blessed the property and after a few short prayers he duly left, but before he left he parted with these words, " Watch the baby". As Andrew got older he too witnessed the poltergeist activity for himself, he saw the cables being pulled by unseen forces. It all got so bad that the family slept down stairs with the lights on , only Bill was supposedly brave enough to sleep in that particular room. One time he had a rather frightening experience in there, he was lying on the bed and then he couldn't move, not even shout out for his family to help him. This could well have been sleep paralysis but he said later that he felt something in the room with him. A medium was called to Gladstone villa, he asked the family questions then he began to challenge the spirit by knocking on the ceiling and it immediately knocked back at him!!. At some point he went into a trance to try and make contact but he failed to get a name, he later said that there was a presence there and it was an Earthbound spirit, it had unfinished business, something that it didn't do in life. There was a few sightings, one evening the family was watching TV, Caroline just happened to look to her left and saw the full solid figure of a monk standing behind the sofa near the doorway. She later described it in detail as a monk in typical brown habit, complete with hood over the head. The family left Gladstone villa in June 1978 and two local business men bought the property, it eventually became Redz Parc hotel. Andrew had his 40th birthday there for old times sake and it was the staff who told Andrew that they too had also experienced things there. Andrew did a thorough research into the history of Gladstone villa and the area. He found out from local libraries that Gladstone villa dated back to the 1900's, and a monastery was close by, this explains the monk Caroline saw.  This is a true story. I think it was a ghost. Something touched me on my foot last night. I told it “no that’s my foot, don’t touch me.” And it went away… and at the time I wasn’t scared, just annoyed at being woken up… was it a ghost?  #ghost #3am #astraltraveller #touchedonfootSo I’m telling this story just so I can see if anyone else has had something similar to it anyway.I would say about 2 years ago this happened I went to bed and was dreaming I could be myself sleeping but when I looked near my closet there was a tall man with red eyes a trench coat and a hat he didn’t say anything or do anything he just stood there.I had this dream repeatedly for about 3 days and I was scared to go to sleep because I thought I would see him again.  Has anyone else had something like this as well? When I were younger, I used to live half of the week at my ex boyfriend's flat (we will call him *Christopher*) in central Paris near a park called [Les Buttes Chaumont](https://www.parisinfo.com/musee-monument-paris/71468/Parc-des-Buttes-Chaumont) in Rue Carducci. It was easier to me to stay in the heart of the city since I studied at university from monday to friday.  This guy and I used to have a mutual friend (who was also his ex-girlfriend, I know right, don't judge us please), named *Alice*. Back in the days, the three of us slept in the same room and shared a very powerful relationship altogether. It was almost like a love triangle but anyway, my experience is not about our personal story... Alice and Christopher are really sensitive people who felt energies and spirits. I never judged them since I experienced baffling situations as well but hey, I want to stay a pragmatic person. But I still can't explain what happened these nights when Christopher and I talked while we were asleep. Alice listened and told us everything in the morning, right away. It happened a few times.   I have no memory of these events.  She was absolutely **SURE** we were speaking in tongues, there is no doubt about that. The disturbing part ? **We don't understand and can't read latin.** She even took notes as we discored some of the sentences were parts of the Bible, some of them were related to Lazarus. While Christopher firmly believes in God and is a Christian (catholic), I am not a religious person at all. Of course I have studied and read the Bible and some other religious books but I would not and CANNOT tell you entire parts by heart. As she is sensitive to this invisible world, she really felt it was something disturbing and unusual.   I really want you to know this is 100% real and I'm not faking it.   I know I often laugh and talk in the night while I'm fully asleep. But *THIS* latin episode never happened to me again. There's always this stereotype about creepy legends and latin (especially because religion is scary and often used in films and books to play with our deepest fears)...   Do you think it is possible for our minds to use forgotten datas so we can do something impossible (like speaking in tongues) ? Do you have any other theory ? Is it related to ghosts or maybe entities ?  Sometimes I think about this whole story and I still can't figure out what happened. Thanks for your theories and possible explanations. For as long as I could remember, I've never been able to escape the paranormal. Whether it be the television turning itself on at night as a child, or "imaginary friends" my older sister and I could both see for years, I've grown to become almost desensitized to anything out of the ordinary. Out of all the things that have come in and out of my current home, there's one being that's been here for as long as I can remember, and quite the odd one at that. For simplicity sake, I'll just refer to him as "Old Man."  He's often heard walking throughout the basement, mostly in the spare living room that connects to another spare room. He's not spoken a word to any of us, but he really seems to dislike my mother's best friend, as when she lived with us for a short while he'd bang on the laundry room walls when she was alone in there and she'd swear up and down that he'd told her to get out. Nobody else had ever been told the same, typically the most we'd get would be a whisper calling our names, and who knows if that was ever from him in the first place, so this was always perplexing to me.  Personally, I think the Old Man is alright. He's been docile with my family and never moves things or bugs any of us. I've only seen him briefly here and there, but the description I have of him matches what everyone else in the house has seen of him, and everyone (except my mom's friend lol) can pretty much agree that he's harmless.  When my room was in that spare room connected the basement livingroom, I'd often come home to an empty house after school and crash for a couple hours while waiting for anyone to come home. Sometimes I'd be so tired from staying up too late and having to get up so early, that I'd fall asleep with the lights on, and in those cases I'd wake up 90% of the time with the lights having been turned off for me. Nobody in my family ever admit to doing it, and my parents really wouldn't have been the type to turn the lights off for me to sleep since they found my messed up sleeping cycle and daily naps to be frustrating. With both of my siblings being gone most of the time around then, it was also unlikely that they'd lie about not doing that for me, so I can only assume the Old Man was the one who'd help me out with the lights.  I've always wondered if perhaps he's some sort of guardian, yet the way he acted towards my mom's friend contradicts that, since she's by no means a bad person or deserving of that. Though, I can't even say for certain if the Old Man is the one who did that since she never saw him when the walls would be banged on.  I wonder how many of you have had similar experiences with a being acting hostile to some and docile towards others? Reposting my whole story because apparently some people were having a hard time finding part 2 a while back    This is an actual experience i had and it still freaks me out to this day. Growing up i had multiple little paranormal experiences. I was always very skeptical so the experiences i had i considered genuine, and i tried my best to explain away and couldn't. Many of them would happen even with company or family around to see it as well so i knew i wasn't imagining it. As a teenager i started getting a little too interested in the paranormal and not being scared of anything,  i got a little cocky at times and at some point i guess i started to dabble with something i shouldn't have so it got a bit too intense for me. I would talk about the things that happened or mention spirits or attempt to talk to presences i couldn't see and it would as i liked to call it, "stir shit up".         So when i was a teenager i had this friend. He would be in mid conversation with me and randomly trail off on some weird shit that sounded creepy and didn't make any sense, then come to and not have any clue what he said and be like "whatever man i don't know what you're talking about" and continue on the nromal conversation like nothing happened. Usually it ended at that. But when we were 15 ish he went into one of his things kind of like a trance or whatever as we were on the phone. He said something like "follow the tracks to your right, then on your right again near the end you'll come to their resting place".       I'll explain the layout of where i was living because it is important for the next parts. I lived in a pretty nice trailer park (oohhhh spooky i know) off a main road in a small town, heavily wooded and nowhere near town. The main driveway came down the middle of the trailer park and dead ended at the rear. A little past that dead end was an embankment and at the bottom was a railroad track that was very rarely used. To the right it dead ended in some woods with the one side being at the back of an abandoned old mill, the other side had a pretty dense set of woods behind a neighborhood.       So i follow his weird cryptic directions after getting off the phone. It was late afternoon in summer. I head to the railroad tracks and head right towards the end. At some point before the end i hear footsteps in the woods on my right. Being curious i head up the embankment and towards the noise. There was nobody there. But i did see a small graveyard curiously tucked away in these woods behind a neighborhood.  Likely a small family plot. Ranging from early 1700s to very early 1900s. Only about 20 something markers. I was intrigued and of course brought that friend later and he was weirded out, insisting he had no idea it was there. But he wasn't the lying type so i believed him. It became a hangout spot of mine as i was dumb and brave and i would go there at night at all hours acting fearless. Nothing really weird ever happened there so moving on.       Another day, another conversation,  and buddy randomly breaks into another "trance". He says "head to the tracks, cross them, and when you enter the woods you will see him". My cocky self immediately does just that. Late afternoon once again. This time i head to the tracks behind the trailer park, but i cross them. Which goes through a bit of woods, comes into a clearing with an old mill (a different one because it's an old mill town) on the left, on the right is miles of cut out for power lines cutting through the woods supplying all the random neighborhoods scattered throughout the area. Straight ahead across the street for the mill is more dense wooded area. So following those directions again i head towards the tree line. The moment i set foot into the tree line i hear branches snapping and immediately see just the black shadow or silhouette of a guy in all black on a black horse galloping through the woods away from me and towards the left, disappearing into the trees.       I was a bit shocked as it was not common to see horses around my town at all. But being cocky and brave i decided to head to where he came from which was to the right in the edge of the tree line following the cutout of the power lines. Near the edge of the tree line i found an old collapsed horse stable. Literally nothing else near it. There was another neighborhood about a mile in the direction of where he disappeared. But nothing else around the stable. So being intrigued and a little freaked out i go call my buddy and tell him. The following day i bring him with me to show my finding because he just refused to believe me and i was getting suspicious of him playing stupid possibly.  But the most unbelievable part, as we entered the treeline where i saw the horseman the day before,  we both saw him taking the same path as i did previously. Broad daylight.  Clear as possible. There was no way we both imagined it.       Both of us were a little freaked out. But we continued and i showed him the stable also. The strangest part of all was i brought a couple other friends to see the stable and each time, he appeared to us.           So after finding the stable and hanging around the graveyard, things started to ramp up with the little encounter becoming much more intense. TVs and stereos turning on by themselves. Multiple times.  Even in the presence of company or family. Intense feelings of being watched and just inexplicable moments of dread and terror for no reason. Hearing people having loud conversations or music like a radio was turned on in the other room while home alone and literally nobody in sight outside surrounding my home. Stuff flying across the room violently. Fresh handprints in the steam on my bathroom mirror after a shower. I'd hear the distinct sound of my mom coming home, throwing the door open and tossing her keys on the table and the cabinet and fridge slamming open and closed while she made herself a drink (she was not a quiet or subtle woman). Just to walk out of my room to talk to her and realize nobody was there.       Yet still one night around 2-3 am, i got bored and decided to head down to the graveyard. I was feeling watched and just super uneasy and i was trying to be stubborn and refused to feel scared for whatever the hell reason. I was rebelling i guess. Telling myself i couldn't be harmed. So i get to the graveyard and all is normal and quiet. I hang out for a while and realize I'm being dumb and decide to head home and get some sleep. I head back down the tracks towards home. I get to where i need to head up the embankment to enter the driveway for the trailer park. I'm about halfway up the bank when i hear something rustle.       I look up and see the horseman on his horse looking down at me. Pitch black. Almost like a shadow in the dark but you can still see outlines of everything.  Yet nothing reflected light. I hadn't heard of it at this time but it was like how some describe the shadow people. I remember staring at him for a few seconds in disbelief and shock. Then the horse makes that little ppffttt noise with his lips and i snapped out of it. I turned down the bank and ran along the tracks as i hear hoofbeats following me. I turn up a shallower part into the woods next to the trailer park weaving through the trees trying to slow him down until i reach the street and run l to the trailer i lived in which was at the front. I jump through the door damn near busting through the screen door as i hear the hoofs thudding behind me. My mom was at work so i was turning on every light, tv, and radio in the place to try and make it too loud or bright to keep whatever at bay as if that would help. I sat on the couch waiting for my mom to get home and i eventually fell asleep.         I woke up as she finally came home as daylight was coming in. I told her everything and she told me i shouldn't be messing with this stuff. She believed me because she had always had experiences and she told me about them regularly.  Once the sun was finally up i went to the embankment where i saw him. Wondering if i had somehow imagined it all. Even curious if there was just a horse out in the area for whatever reason however unlikely but just trying to find an explanation. I found hoof prints in the sand at the top of the embankment and only in that spot.       That was when I decided it was gettingto be too much for me  and while not being religious normally, i started praying to make it all stop and swearing i would stop messing with it. It all kinda died down until around when i turned 18 and suddenly it all just stopped. And i haven't had a single experience sinceI’ve been trying to make sense of a recent experience I had. Which feels like a ghost story. I use a gambling app for football on my phone. Sunday, I clicked on the app, looked at a specific football game’s options. The Philadelphia Eagles vs Green Bay Packers Sunday-night game. when I opened the section for (same game parlays), several options lit up and then faded away to the normal button color. For just a split second, my eyes saw the lit choices, and my brain was able to remember 5 different options although I know more were lit up at that one brief initial moment. I didn’t have a long time or any time really at all. It was only a fraction of a second. Like a blink really. So I clicked on the 5 options (4 individuals players to score touchdowns & the eagles +6.5.) The selection of the 5 legs in one parlay gave odds of +45000. Which means that 450 dollars are won for every 1 dollar played. So I said why not seeing that the lit up buttons were unusual and I am typically alert to strange signs and coincidences. The game was a high scoring game and the eagles won by 7. All of the legs of the bet hit and I won big.   The sum is very helpful and I understand I’m very lucky. But I can’t make sense of the buttons being lit up. My uncle was a huge eagles fan. He passed when I was young. It feels like his presence or some thing was there. Even watching the game felt strange. All the legs of the bet flowed consistently and by halftime I had 3 of the 5 legs of the bet won and just knew that I had been given something by someone or some presence. Everyone I talk to about it doesn’t seem to entertain the experience I know to be true. The bet is so unusual compared to any of my usual bets.  My best guess is something supernatural.I now know that there is some thing beyond our understanding that can influence our physical environmentThis event happened about 1981 and I would have been eleven years old. My younger cousin Kathy was also visiting our Grandparents and staying the night. We were in an upstairs bedroom of the farmhouse that was located  right in the center of a hundred acre working farm. Just beside the house to the east was what I called the "old  tractor road".  I have heard this type of road referred to  as a " two rut  road."   My upstairs bedroom window overlooked this old faming road which was probably in use even before the old farmhouse was built. Right next to the house was a stacked wood pile and then a four foot wide grass walk way. On the other side was our Grandmother's fifteen foot wide garden that ran paralell to the old road. So even in the dark I could easily see the road since it was so close to the house.   On the opposite side of the road was a huge thirty five acre corn field  that at the time easily stood five to six feet tall.  It was a warm summer evening and we  were supposed to be sleeping by this time, but we were talking about music and our favorite bands. Being Canadian, she naturally liked the band Rush.  My cousian and I began to hear a distant conversation between at least two people that was definitely coming from outside.  We could also faintly hear foot steps on the two rut dirt road. As the conversation got closer the foot steps also became louder. We slowly kneeled down at the open window and listened.  It was probably around eleven oclock or so and our eyes were already well adjusted to the darkness and we would easily be able to see what was happening just below the window.  The conversation and footsteps gradually became louder and we knew for sure we would soon see who was tresspassing on our land. Maybe our Grandmother would also hear this and appear with Grandfather's shotgun as she had done many times before when she thought there was a threat to our property. Grandma was no joke and once grabed a huge knife and told me to go get the front end loader. When I returned, she had already gutted a cow and had it ready to hang from the loader. Well Grandma did not show up to save the night this time.     The conversation and footsteps gradually became louder and louder, then without my cousin or I seeing a thing, they slowly became quieter and quieter and eventually stopped.  There was no possibility of this walking and conversation taking place in the corn field because we did not hear the familiar and  unmistakable sound of at least two people making their way through a tall corn field. I should also add that we did not see a flashlight or lantern, we only heard the conversation and footstps.  I do not recall what the conversation was about and I am unsure if the conversation was understandable at all. We never saw anything or anyone. This probably happened over the course of maybe two minutes or so. but I have spent hundreds if not thousands of hours thinking back to this warm country night and what we were able to hear but not see.           I can not explain this event and can only descibe it as my first of very many paranormal experiences, including a full body apparition. Reliving this experience has made me realize I should reconnect with my Canadian cousin Kathy. I want to know what weird unexplainable things happened to you.Hi so idk if it’s a ghost or something else but I heard my kids toy go off once when I was leaving and it said goodbye. My boyfriend heard it say “let’s play” when he came up the stairs then he heard a door slam shut but he was the only one home. After I threw the toy in the trash my car window was smashed but the only thing taken out was my child’s toy left in the middle of my driveway. Fast forward a week and my son’s picture ended up perfectly cornered on my couch. A week after that my boyfriend and I both heard 3 knocks on one of our windows at 2:35 am but no one was there. This morning a canvas of both of my sons was sitting perfectly in the middle of the couch. I’ve never had this happen before so this is all new to me and it’s scary. Any advice would TIAHi all. Thought I'd share something interesting that happened to me about 15 years ago.  Most won't believe me but for what it's worth I promise everything I tell you is 100% true and how it happened to the best of my memory however names have been changed  I was about 18 and I was hanging out at my friend Joanne's house with some other school friends.  Can't quite remember how we got onto the subject but towards the end of the evening Joanne thought it would be fun to perform a seance! Joanne's and her family were from Capetown South Africa had a deep rooted interest in the spiritual (or at least that's what Joanne made out to us)  With the lights off and candles lit We all sat at a round table, with cards fanned out around the edge. Each card had a letter of the alphabet arranged A-Z and a shot glass placed in the middle. Joanne starts speaking out to the spirits in Afrikaans. I remember pulling a face and rolling my eyes (it was too dark for anyone to take offence) at the time I was an insufferable 'enlightened' atheist teen dork! You know the type, cringey 4chan edgelord who thinks any form of spirituality or religion is beneath me and my superior intellect! I never wore a fedora but I was damn close! However what was about to happen made me question everything  It started mundane enough, a few questions were asked and the shot glass we were resting our fingers on started to move to and fro until eventually one of my friends asked 'the spirit' if they were associated with anyone in the room. The shot glass moved directly towards me. Incredulous I asked 'the spirit'  "if you're associated with me then what's my mother's maiden name?" My eyes fixate on the letters that spell out her maiden name (Jones) but the glass started spelling out something different. First the glass went to "T" then "H" then "O" I thought then it was bullshit as it was spelling out something completely wrong. I was then struck by a horrific realisation!  When my mom was 6 months old her biological father died of a heart attack and a year after that she took her step father's name! I completely forgot this in the moment as I was expecting the glass to read out the maiden name she had for the majority of her life but it was actually spelling out her original maiden name of Thompson!   It was a fact so trivial that I barely remembered it myself! It was something never talked about even within my family as it happened so long ago! It would be hard to believe that any of my friends would know this esoteric piece of my family's history that occurred 20 years before I was even born but non the less some how it was being spelled out Infront of my very eyes! THOMPSON! My school friends and I wouldn't talk about anything deeper than video games and girls at that age and there's no way I ever mentioned this to any of them!   It's not like one of my pot smoking looser friends had a copy of my mom's birth certificate and none of them had ever met anyone else in my family. There was literally no way anyone could have known this!  Before I could contemplate this for too long or ask any other questions to my ghostly associate Joanne's mom came into the room and turns the lights on and with a thick SA accent shouts something like "bloody hell Joanne, stop messing around with this silly crap" And put a definitive stop to the proceedings  Of course at the time I played off as a prank but the more I think of it, the more my mind wonders. Did something actually paranormal happen that night? I know it's nothing dramatic or exciting, I didn't see an apparition or a cryptid, but unlike 90% of the shit you read on reddit this experience is actually true and something to this day I can't explain. I'd love to hear your thoughts  TLDR: Very obscure information about my family history was divulged during a seance which non of the participants could have possibly known!    Rock Island is a state park located at the tip of Door County, Wisconsin on Lake Michigan. It’s a difficult place to get to. To get to the island you have to take a car ferry from Ellison Bay to Washington island, drive across Washington Island to Jackson Harbor, then take a pedestrian only ferry to Rock Island. No vehicles or bikes are allowed on Rock Island.   Even though the island is relatively small at about 975 acres, it has had an interesting history. In the early 1600’s it was inhabited by a tribe of Potawatomi native Americans as well as a small fishing village of European settlers. The two groups did not trust each other, and did have a few bad encounters that almost led to violence, but for the most part they lived peacefully together on the island. By the 1640’s the Potawatomi had migrated to other parts of Wisconsin.   Shortly after the Potawatomi had left the island, some settlers from the fishing village reported seeing a new group of people on the island. They seemed to be more white settlers, but they wore strange clothes and kept to themselves. No one from the fishing village was ever able to talk to one of these new settlers, or even find where they were living. It was around this time that strange things started to happen in the village. Several animals, it’s not mentioned what they were, maybe it was pigs or chickens kept by the settlers were found slaughtered in the village and seemed to have been used to make markings in blood on some of the buildings in the village. On a different night a building used for preserving meat burned down. The villagers felt that these things must have been done by these new people on the island, and they intended to find them, but after a thorough search of the island, including the wooded inland area, they never found a single person. These strange occurrences seemed to stop soon after the search and none of the other settlers were ever seen again.   In 1836 the Potawatomi lighthouse was built on the northern part of the island. After construction was finished, the lighthouse was inspected and it was reported back that “the material of which the lighthouse and dwelling are made, are of the best quality and that the work is done in a substantive and workmanlike manner.” David E. Corbin was appointed the first keeper of the light on December 19, 1837. Only three years later in 1840, despite the apparent quality of construction of the lighthouse, David Corbin started to complain that plaster started to fall off the building and some sort of liquid would ooze through cracks leaving the house constantly damp. Corbin was completely alone most of the time at the lighthouse and some have said when visiting him that he would stare at a certain wall and sometimes spoke vaguely of the other visitors. In 1845, after 8 years of relative solitude at the lighthouse, an inspector visited the light house keeper and determined that while Corbin was fulfilling his duties, he was acting strange. The official report says that the inspector ordered Corbin to take a 25-day leave of absence to “find a wife” to live with him at the lighthouse. However, some think that the inspector was startled by Corbin’s mental state caused by years of solitude and thought it would be best that he spent some time away from the island. In 1852 Corbin reportedly fell ill and died that December in the lighthouse. He was buried in a small cemetery just south of the lighthouse. The next lighthouse keeper also reported the surprisingly quick deterioration of the lighthouse. Some friends that had visited the new keeper say that he would talk of seeing strange things in the house at night, but he wouldn’t elaborate on what he had seen. In 1858, after only 22 years of service, the original lighthouse was torn down and a new one was built. From that point on, the lighthouse keepers were required to have an assistant keeper, or a family with them at the lighthouse. No strange occurrences were further reported in the lighthouse logbook outside of strong storms and occasional shipwrecks except on January 20, 1876. The keeper at the time named Betts reported that he saw two men attempting to row to the mainland from Washington Island. He wrote a terrible storm came up shortly after their departure and they never made it to their destination. Over three months later on May 3, 1876 Betts wrote “The two men who were lost last January have been seen several times. Once from Caney Light House and once from Jacksonport. The men were apparently frozen stiff and sitting upright in the boat among a mass of ice. At last account they were still adrift. There is not much hope that they will be found and buried”.  By 1900 most of the island’s inhabitants left for better fishing areas on lake Michigan. In 1910 a successful business owner and inventor, Chester Thordarson purchased all of the island except for the land that the lighthouse occupied in the north. He used the island as a private summer retreat from his business in Chicago. Thordarson is responsible for the unique and mystifying buildings and structures that are still on the island today. On the south end of the island he built a giant stone hall that has a boat house on the lower level. A stone water tower was built on the east side of the island, and an imposing wooden gate was constructed on the west end of the island. The great hall was used to store Thordarson’s immense book collection. He had over 11,000 books and it’s rumored that he possessed some very rare books on the occult in his collection. Thordarson died of heart failure, on January 6, 1945, though some have speculated that he saw something that actually scared him to death. I couldn’t find any writings from Thordarson however that mentioned him experiencing anything strange on the island. After his death multiple churches and universities were interested in his book collection, but he had willed it to the University of Wisconsin-Madison providing that they had to purchase it for $300,000, which they did. Some of this history is hard to find on the internet, but there are a couple binders in the great hall that has a lot of this documented. Thordarson’s personal papers are housed in the archive section of the State Historical Society of Wisconsin.   All of this history I gave is just to provide a little context for experiences I have had, directly or indirectly, on Rock Island. In August of 2021 I took my first, and last, trip to Rock Island. After taking two ferry rides, I arrived on the island at about 2:00pm. I had booked the remote campsite E which is a backpacking site that is a little over a mile from the dock. I took my time hiking out to the site to enjoy the scenery and took a couple breaks just due to how heavy my pack was. I was definitely packed more for camping than hiking. I got to my site, set up my tent, got everything situated, and started gathering sticks and drift wood from the beach so I could start a fire. On my third trip back from the beach, before I got back to my site, I heard a single high pitched squeal noise coming from the forest. It didn’t sound close, but it was such an unusual sound that I stopped in my tracks and waited for a good 30 seconds waiting to see if it would happen again. It didn’t, so I continued back to my site. When I got back I began working on getting a fire started. The remote camping sites on Rock Island are pretty well spaced out. Sites C, D, and E are grouped together, but there’s probably 100 yards between each site. There’s not a real trail connecting the three sites directly, but enough people have walked along the ridge between the three sites that there’s an obvious path. As I was setting some sticks up in my fire ring, something caught my eye and I looked up. Fairly far away, it looked like it might have been at site D or a little further, was a person running in my direction. My first thought was “well that’s odd”, because like I said it’s not even really a trail they were on, then my mind just went to there must be something wrong and this person needs help. They got a little closer and it looked like maybe it was a woman in loose gray clothes, maybe in a hoodie. It was still far enough away that I couldn’t really make out any details. I quickly stood up from the crouching position I was in and just as I did I heard that high pitched squeal noise again. It was behind me, and it was much closer this time. This startled me quite a bit so I turned around to look behind me. I scanned the trees for a couple seconds, but didn’t see or hear anything. I turned back around because I knew the running person must be getting close, but now they were gone. Again I stood there and scanned the trees, but did not see them anywhere. I was so confused I was kind of frozen for a few seconds. It was all very strange, but I was able to reason it out in my head that it was just a fellow camper from site C or D that was maybe running to the pit toilet that was a couple hundred yards west of the sites. I tried to forget about it, but it was really just bothering me. I did not like whatever that squeal noise was, and I just felt strange. With some effort I decided to let it go and started my fire. I had a quick meal and a couple adult beverages then decided to take a little walk. I hadn’t seen sites C or D yet so I thought I would check those out and see if I did have some neighbors camping nearby. Site D was empty. I did see the path that led from that site to the main trail and pit toilet so that made me feel a little less uneasy about the runner. I figured it was maybe someone from site C that took a strange way to get to the main trail by going through site D. It didn’t make a ton of sense because I probably still should have seen them, but it made me feel better. I continued on to site C and saw there was a tent set up. I really didn’t want to bother anyone, but I just thought I would go over with the excuse that I would introduce myself as a camping neighbor from site E, and see if anyone looked like they might have been the person running earlier. I came up on the site and there was a couple sitting at the picnic table. Neither of them looked like they would have been the person I saw running. I introduced myself, and they introduced themselves. They were probably in their mid 30s, they were very nice, and both seemed to be pretty drunk, but a quiet drunk. I didn’t ask about the runner, or the squealing noises because I thought it might be weird. I wished them a good night and walked back to my tent. When I got back I had a cigar and a few more drinks. It got dark and it started as a perfect night. The sky was clear and I was just staring up and looking at millions of stars. I felt better about everything from earlier and felt stupid about the whole thing and decided to get some sleep. It was a long day so I fell asleep almost immediately. At around 2:30am I woke up by a huge boom of thunder. It started down pouring. The wind picked up and the temperature dropped. I love camping in the rain, but I do not like camping in a lightning storm. A pretty big storm came through and I was starting to worry. The wind was whipping at my tent and the ground was shaking from the thunder and lightning. I did not feel good about being out there in a tent and felt very exposed. The storm lasted for about an hour before it became just a light steady drizzle. I was just starting to fall back asleep when I heard the squeal noise again. I opened my eyes up wide in the dark and just laid there silent. There was another louder squeal noise and it was pretty close. I knew there are no real dangerous animals on Rock Island. There are deer and porcupines, but nothing like bear or wolves. Knowing that still didn’t make me feel better though. There was just something about that squeal that I didn’t like. I say squeal because that’s the best I can describe it. It sounded to me like a pig squeal. I honestly don’t know that much about pig noises, but that’s what I thought of when I heard it. An injured, or angry pig squeal. I continued to lay in my tent and started to hear foot steps outside my tent. It was still raining so the sounds were a little buried in the sound of rain, but it definitely sounded like a somewhat large animal or human walking around. I sat up in my tent and took a knife I had out just to feel better. In my head I just kept saying “you know it’s just an animal. It’s fine. There’s nothing in these woods that can hurt you.” I listened as the footsteps started moving away from my tent. I just sat there being still holding my knife for maybe 10 minutes without hearing anything else. I started thinking to myself “It’s fine. It was just an animal. You’re being stupid, and you need to get some sleep.” I was just about to lay back down when there was a very loud squeal and it was right outside my tent. It felt like my heart just stopped and a shiver went down my spine. My heart was beating so hard my entire body was pulsing, and I felt it in my ears. It took everything in me but I forced out a “get out of here.” Not shouting, but as stern and mean sounding as I could at that moment. I didn’t hear any more squeals or footsteps that night, but I also didn’t sleep. I just sat there in my tent for maybe an hour before I laid down. Eventually the rain stopped and I kept laying there until the sun came up. All that time reassuring myself that I was being stupid. It was just an animal. It was probably 7am before I decided I had to get out of my tent to relieve myself. As soon as I stepped outside my tent I saw that my picnic table had been turned over and was upside down. When I saw this I surprisingly calmly thought “ok, this is enough, I’m leaving the island today.” I checked my surroundings and nothing else seemed out of place. I eventually reasoned with myself that the wind had blown the table over during the storm. It still seemed a little strange because the table was pretty heavy and I felt like I would have heard the table flipping over, but that might have made sense. I made some cold instant coffee, had a bite to eat, started to feel better about the whole thing, then decided to go for a hike. I admit, I get easily scared when I’m camping by myself in the woods. Maybe that’s natural. After I had some coffee and food, and the sun came out, I realized that nothing I heard or saw was really anything that couldn’t be explained. Other than not getting a good nights sleep, I was having a pretty good time. The reason I came to the island in the first place was to hike the 7 mile Thordarson’s Loop Trail that has a lot of interesting things to see, and I was excited to start the hike. I packed a few things in my backpack and started off. Fairly close to my site is the water tower. I have no idea how it originally worked, or why it had to be a tower, but it’s an impressive building with a fireplace that looked like someone had recently had a fire in it. A littler further down the trail was a cemetery where two sisters and a few others are buried. It’s believed there are still more buried here in unmarked graves. These likely are some of the settlers from the old fishing village. The island has three cemeteries. There is one by the beach and that’s where Chester Thordarson is buried, there’s one on the eastern part of the island where the two sisters are buried, and there’s one on the northern part of the island where the original lighthouse keeper David E. Corbin is buried. There is also at least one Potawatomi burial area on the island, but no one knows exactly where that is. I kept walking on the trail until I came to a nice scenic overlook area with a bench where I sat down and drank some water. I started to hear some talking on the trail ahead of me, but I couldn’t see anyone yet. There was a bend in the trail and the trees were thick so I sat on the bench waiting for these people to come around the bend. The voices were coming closer and I could tell that they weren’t speaking English, but I couldn’t place what language it might have been. Both voices were very, very deep and guttural. Then back deep in the woods I hear a loud and quick OOOO OOOO. Immediately both the voices I was listening to responded with their own OOOO OOOO OOOO OOOO. I kind of smiled because it sounded like these two heard whatever it was in the woods and they were trying to be funny and mock it by responding. I got off the bench, put my backpack back on and started walking in the direction further down the trail where the voices were coming from, but I never did find these people. The rest of the hike went very well. I visited the cemetery where David E. Corbin is buried. I took a self-guided tour of the Potawatomi lighthouse. I passed the wooden gate that apparently used to be part of a larger structure. I walked by the great hall and dock area from where I arrived on the island. Visited some of the other structures on the island. Came across the cemetery where Chester Thordarson is buried. Then finished the loop by returning to my camp site. It was a very nice hike with a lot to see and wasn’t especially difficult, but I was tired. I did walk down to camp site C to ask the couple I spoke with the night before how they did with the storm during the night, but they had packed up and left. I was disappointed because I also really wanted to ask them about the squealing noises during the night. The rest of the evening was pretty uneventful. I built a fire, made some meals, had a cigar and some drinks. As soon as it got dark I was ready for bed since I had so little sleep the night before. I got in my tent and quickly fell asleep. I might have been asleep for about three hours when I woke up suddenly and was immediately fully alert. Nothing that I was aware of caused me to wake up, but I felt something was wrong. I sat up in my tent, and this part is a little hard to explain. A feeling of complete dread washed over me. It was unlike anything I had ever felt before. If felt like there was something in the tent with me, and I could feel that it was angry, seething with anger, rage full even, and I could feel its hatred for me. It felt like something very bad was about to happen, and I couldn’t do anything about it. I started to shiver uncontrollably. There was a smell of garbage or rotten meat, and it got stronger and stronger to the point where I wanted to throw up, but couldn’t because I was frozen. I had never felt so exposed and helpless. I stared forward at nothing, just frozen, and the weird thing is I accepted whatever was about to happen to me. It was like my brain telling me that whatever is about to happen, even if it’s death, will at least be relief. Then I passed out. At least I have to assume I passed out. That’s all I remember until I woke up at about 8:00am that morning. When I woke up I was laying outside of my sleeping bag, on top of it, and my legs were in an unnatural and uncomfortable position. I was on my back with my left leg strait out, and my right leg was bent so that my foot was up against my left knee. My heart started pounding but I kept thinking to myself “It was a dream. I’m leaving right now. It was a dream. I’m leaving right now.” I packed up everything very quickly and started back toward the dock to catch the first boat off the island. Since the first boat from Washington Island doesn’t arrive until about 10:30am, I had to kill a little time around the great hall and dock area. I wanted to get off that island so bad, but I did feel a little better just being out of the woods and I could see other people. I sat down on a bench a little to the east of the dock and lit a cigar just to give me something to do while trying not to think about the night before. I was sitting a few minutes and scanning out over the water when I was startled by someone behind me saying “Hi!” I jumped and was embarrassed when the person came around saying “Sorry, sorry, sorry. I didn’t mean to scare you. I saw you smoking and just came over to ask if you had a lighter.” I felt like an idiot and told him that’s fine. I just didn’t sleep well last night and was kind of zoned out, and I handed him my lighter. He thanked me, lit a cigarette, then handed the lighter back to me. We started talking about the usual things you might talk about. He said he was from the Madison area. We talked about the storms we’ve been having. He seemed to be a real outdoorsy kind of guy, and talked about his plans to move to Washington Island. It was a nice normal conversation and kind of took my mind off the night I just had for a little bit. He seemed like a pretty nice guy. Then, naturally, he asked me what site I had been staying at. I told him I was staying at site E the last two nights, and he said he usually books that site, but I must have reserved it before him. He said he had booked site D the last two nights. I was surprised by this because no tent or anything was at site D the two times I walked past the site. I told him this and he said he comes to the island a few times a year and you have to book a site, but he actually camps at different areas on the island. I asked him where he camps and he told me most of the time he camps in the east cemetery, but he also likes to camp in the woods south of the light house. He told me that he hikes about half way down the Fernwood Trail and just heads north into the woods where he finds a place to camp. He said that one time he found the ruins of a small log house in those woods and he’s going to try and find it again and camp inside of it. At this point I started to change my opinion about this guy and wanted to change the subject, but then he asked me if I had heard the screeches in the woods. I took a second to reply and knew he was talking about the squealing I had heard. I told him I had, and asked him if he knew what it was. This time he took a second to reply and I saw his face change. He looked as if he was thinking if he should tell me something. Like a secret. With no expression at all on his face he said matter-of-factly “A demon lives on this island.” Under any other circumstance I would have laughed this off, but not after what I experienced the night before. He looked at me and must have seen the anxiety and fear I was feeling. He surprised me by letting out a quick laugh. He asked me if I saw anything that night. I told him I hadn’t seen anything and he stared at me like he was trying to figure something out. I felt like he could tell I had experienced something. At this point I was ready for the conversation to be over. Then he told me he had seen something in the cemetery that night. Now his face and mood kind of changed again like he was trying to confide in me. I really did not want to ask the question, but I knew he wanted me to ask it. So I asked him what he saw in the cemetery, but my voice was shaky. Then I could tell he had changed his mind about telling me. He actually looked at me with empathy and told me that what he saw was hard to explain, but if I was afraid of the screeching noises he didn’t think I should go near the cemetery. I didn’t’ say anything right away, but he said four words without any context. Keepers, of, the, flame. I looked at my cigar and the ash was long. I put it out, and told him I was going to wait by the dock for the boat. He nodded and I started to walk away. After a few steps he said “Hey!”, and I turned around to look at him. He just said “Don’t come back here”. I turned around and started walking again. I don’t know if that was a warning, or a friendly suggestion, but I took it to heart. I was definitely not coming back to Rock Island.   When I got home I looked up “Keepers of the Flame” as it pertained to Rock Island. I found three things that he could have been referring to. The name of the Native Americans that lived on the island, the Potawatomi, could be translated to “Keepers of the Flame.” The lighthouse keepers on the island were sometimes referred to as “The Keepers of the Flame.” Then there was also a 19th century cult that was said to visit the island from time to time that called themselves “The Keepers of the Flame.” I know that hundreds of people visit Rock Island every year and have a great time camping, hiking the trails and exploring Chester Thordarson’s buildings. My humble suggestion is this. Do not go to Rock Island. Hey everyone,      I'm brand new to reddit, actually created this account due to a friend recommending I try to find a forgotten childhood show in another subreddit.    But also saw this subreddit and it perked my interest.      To give you some context, I'm adopted, and was adopted when I was 2 days old. Prior to my birth and subsequent adoption my father's brother was diagnosed with cancer and lived with my parents in the spare room before I was ever born.      Now to clear up some confusion since I mentioned I was adopted, whenever I say "parents" I'm referring to the parents who adopted me. As they are in all meaning of the word, my *parents.*      During the later stages of his cancer, he lived with my parents who aided in taking care of him and giving him a place to live as he could not work at this stage. He was an absolutely wonderful man from the stories my parents told me about him, always playing pranks in a lighthearted nature.      Fast forward to his passing,  he was surrounded by family and friends. He died in the room that would become the room I lived in until a couple years ago when I moved into an apartment, my father was devastated. My father actually had the same form of testicular cancer as my uncle, however my father survived where my uncle unfortunately did not. So he had an odd form of survivor's guilt.      Now when I was a child, my parents NEVER told me that my uncle lived in my room, never told me he died in my room because they thought telling me that kind of information would terrify a child who already had issues with thinking monsters were under the bed or in the closet. They would only mention that he "stayed" with them for a time. But no one in my family ever told me he died in my room or lived in my room.      This is important to note as the events occurring afterwards I cannot explain.    I am full heartedly an atheist I do not believe in god, spirits, afterlife any of that. But this one detail has me questioning everything and has stuck with me my entire life.     Fast forwarding to when I was maybe 2 years old. My aunt (my father and uncle's sister) from out of town came to visit, and the subject of visiting my uncle Morrey's grave came up as it was only a 15 minute drive and right on the lake so it was a nice place for a walk. We arrive at the cemetery right outside the church. The actual drive way to the church was a cemetery out front, absolutely massive and some graves I believe dating to the late 1800s.      My uncle's grave stone is one of those that are flat with the ground with the name, and date of birth/death on it. But thankfully literally within 5 feet of the gravel path leading to the church, so it wasn't much of a walk at all.    We all got out of the car and my parents and aunt all huddled around the grave with me and just said that was my uncle's grave. Told stories about him, again never mentioning that he ever lived with my parents, how he died or where he died.      My parents set me on the ground and gave me a toy of mine, only walking a maximum of 20 feet away just to look at other family/friends that had passed away. I was sitting basically right next to my uncle's grave. (also a good 200 feet away from the street so don't worry about my safety and parents with running out into traffic)     After  a couple minutes my parents and aunt turned around to me giggling, and talking to seemingly nothing. Brushing it off as merely the babbles of a 2 year old they thought nothing of it until it was time to leave. My parents strapped me into the car sear in the back, with my aunt sitting next to me.      They asked me "what were you saying when you were at Morrey's grave"  "I was just talking to Uncle Morrey. He asked me how I liked his room."     My parents stopped the car in the church driveway and turned around at me. Then looked at my aunt asking "Did you tell him?"   She said "No I was with you two the entire time."   Jokingly my father asked me "Well did he say anything else to you?"     I responded "He's not sick anymore, and that he's sorry for making you mad."     My father and him apparently had an argument shortly before his passing, that was private between him and my uncle.     My father, aunt and mother all cried with joy and I remember being confused. I had no idea what was going on.    I remember a man aside from my father being there that day with the rest of us, but my parents and aunt were the only ones in the graveyard at the time.      My aunt never let that go and always askes me if I ever heard anything else growing up.    My father still doesn't know where I found out that he lived in my room.      As an atheist I have to admit this could very well have been a family member talking to another about my uncle living in my room and I some how overheard it. But it was several years between his passing and my birth so the topic felt almost irrelevant. And my entire family didn't talk about the concept of death to me until the passing of my great grandmother. The trauma felt like an unnecessary exposure until they had to explain what happened to my great grandmother.      Other events have happened in my life to pull me more towards the chance of ghosts *could* exist. But my lack of faith always pulls me away from that possibility.     Thanks for listening. Preface: I've always felt like I'm a little more "sensitive" when it comes to ghosts/spirits than your average human being. I can feel the energy shifts when walking into a room or house that's usually confirmed by what seems to be activity later on. With that being said, I have stories for days...I've seemed to have so many encounters I'm not sure if it's an attachment or if I'm attracting spirits wherever I go.   Story 1:   I was around 13 or so, my grandma had passed away and we moved into her house, and my room was in the basement. Now whenever I visited before, there was always this uneasy feeling towards the basement, but I've always brushed it off and chalked it up to being a stigma about basements being scary.   So when we moved in and I was given the basement...I was unsure and uneasy as crap. I always felt like something was by the furnace and stairs, watching me and moving around. Occasionally,a light would be turned on and I'd see shadows here and there but never really put much thought into it until one night I was dead asleep. I'm a heavy sleeper, mind you. Not much wakes me up during the night but one night I was snapped awake suddenly by something what felt like was in my dream, like something telling me to wake up.  I look around cuz I'm smelling something weird and less than 5 ft from me there's a small fire starting from a short in some wiring. I was able to wake my dad and consequently save the house from burning down that night, but I can't help but think whatever was in that basement with me is to thank.  What are your thoughts? I'll post more of my stories later on, some of them are straight up crazy. Ok, this feels a little odd for me to add though I thought it might be worth it.   A few years ago, my grandpa had passed away; he wasn't a very big believer on ghosts or anything regarding the paranormal until he was in his older years.  Well, I end up inheriting his 86 T-bird. Here comes the strange part. Lots of history with the car between myself and my grandpa.   Anyway, a few months after he passed away, I'm driving the car to work, listening to music and just processing the fact that he's truly gone. The car is all I have left or so I thought.  I drive towards one of my work sites and out of nowhere I get a blast of the cologne he always wore, givenchy π. It was his favorite cologne to use whenever we were going out anywhere.  I pull up to my work site and park the car. I can smell the cologne so strongly in the passenger seat and I'm staring at it like "there's no cologne in here but why does it smell like grandpa's?"  It takes me a solid 2 minutes to figure out that his spirit was in the car with me. His spirit had taken a ride with me to work that entire day, the cologne scent didn't dissipate one bit. It was honestly reassuring to me that he was still there in a way.   So yeah, interesting encounter for me because of the fact that when he was alive, not a strong believer in the afterlife. Welp, he proved himself wrong cause he still hangs around me when something's wrong. [https://youtu.be/2Eo3xdZa7JU](https://youtu.be/2Eo3xdZa7JU)  # Bothell House Haunting  https://preview.redd.it/o4lqodxegm3a1.png?width=1585&format=png&auto=webp&s=44c6637a8d896e987e196c9304f007007b352581Good evening everyone,      I shared previously how my family and I have had several experiences in our house with family passing, I talked about how my uncle passed away in my room previously, and some of you asked for more stories that I and my family have experienced.      This happened to my father, but I was there to witness it.      For some background, I live in New York and grew up in a small town.    My father has a fairly large Italian family, he is one of 7 siblings, technically 8, as one died after birth (and shared the same name as him) that's a story for another day however.      Similar to how my father had many siblings, his parents also had many siblings.      My great aunt was in her 90s and her health was deteriorating rapidly near the end of her life. During her final days she was in hospice care and my father would visit often, among other family members.   &#x200B;  My father would often get up at almost 5am to drive the 45 minutes to work each day and had an old school radio alarm. This fateful morning however, he was awoken at an odd time, just before 4am to the radio going off, playing a very specific song that was a favorite of my aunts. The song that was playing was not only a specific song, but a specific rendition of the song that was my great aunt's favorite. I would have to ask my father what this song was. But I distinctly remember my father waking me up before I had to go to school, asking "Hey, did you mess with my alarm?"  I told him no, as I'd have no reason to do such a thing.     Brushing it off as a very odd event, my father continued his morning routine, unable to go back to sleep. This included going into our basement to iron his suit prior to going into work as he worked a corporate job. Our basement is sectioned into three separate sections. The laundry room where the washer, drier work bench, hot water heater and furnace is. A secondary large room with some work out equipment, an antique leather couch, and several antique furniture items from passed on from our family, and in the very back, a fairly large storage area.      The light at the very end of the basement was on.    This light mind you is a pull string, and we would always turn this light off after using it, and we almost never had a reason to go to this part of the basement unless we were getting Christmas ornaments or other decorations out of storage.      The light was on, and odder still, the second light at the end of this room was on. This was where my father stored items from his parents who had passed. Various antique furniture, expensive china, old pictures and vinal albums.      My father, feeling something was off from the event with his alarm radio called for my mother to explain what was going on.    Not 5 minutes later, my aunt called my father telling him that he needs to get to the hospital as my great aunt was in the final stages of passing.      I went to school that day and received a text from my father saying that when he got to the hospital, my great aunt had passed shortly after. Had he been asleep, he wouldn't have made it in time to be with her.      My dad was a Catholic most of his life, and through out many traumatic experiences in his life eventually lost his faith.      Between the previous event with his brother that I mentioned in this subreddit and this event mentioned in this post, he regained a bit of his faith that day.      I however, have always been a sceptic of the paranormal. I've always been a firm believer there is a scientific answer that can explain most if not all occurrences.      I can't ignore the fact that I've experienced several events in my life that have made me want to pursue and help others with similar experiences. Even if it means debunking a possible "paranormal experience."      My aunt would soon tell my father that she too had electrical anomalies that day  with the TV turning on in the middle of the night, but I never got the full story from her to accurately provide here. And my wish is to avoid any and all embellishments.     I'd be more than happy to share my other experiences or answer any questions.      I just hope this helps those out there that may have experienced similar events.      Thanks again for listening to my story.As teenagers, my cousins, siblings and I would head out to the woods to a place we creatively named, "The Hills". We would ride our bikes down the trail and to this spot almost daily throughout the summer. For some reason, this particular time, we had walked instead.   As we were walking, we were laughing and carrying on like most teens do, but that changed when we reached our destination and looked down the hill. I happened to see it first. As I looked down the hill, I got quiet becauseI saw a "Civil War era" man leaning up against the tree. He had a felt hat on, a gun which was leaned up against the tree, and a ragged knapsack. I was in shock. He looked as real as you and me. I turned around to see if anyone else was seeing it. I asked my sister if she saw it and she said that she did. My two cousins that were with us also saw the man.   One of my cousins took off. I mean, she was out of there. She had to take a different path home because of where this man was standing. Those of us that were left standing there as she ran off, turned back around to look at the man who was standing there. When we turned around he was gone! It didn't take us long to get out of there after that. We were terrified!   My cousins were staying with my grandma at that time. We all ran in telling our grandma our story, thinking she'd tell us we were crazy. Nope! She said, "Oh yeah, that man's been in my house before." I guess years earlier, she was laying in bed and heard someone walking through her house. Then she saw a man walk into her room. She said she quickly pulled her blankets up and over her head and prayed nothing would happen. Soon, she heard him walk out of the house. The next morning, all the doors were still locked and there was no sign of him.   There are a few other stories about this "Civil War era" man. One coming from my uncle and another coming from someone who lived around the same area. I'll probably write them in a part 2 sometime soon. So I'm a college student (18F) and all the residential areas on campus have a different name, Highland, Park, Historic, and North. I chose to live in the historic district because it was the one with the most greenery, it was close to all my classes, and my brother stayed in the same dorm when he went to my uni. I live on floor 3 of 3 at my dorm and I noticed something really odd shortly after moving in.  There's an intercom right on the wall, at the foot of my bed. I inquired about it at the front desk, asking if it was hooked to the desk, or campus security, anything like that. The desk assistant had no clue what I was talking about and directed me to the most popular RA in the building. I asked him about the intercom and he told me the story as follows:  "Back in the day the rooms had intercoms that went to the basement. Not sure why the basement. But the basements of the historic dorms are closed after someone un-alived themselves in there back in the day. There's also rumors that they connect to the bomb shelter under campus but... I don't know."  I was aware of the bomb shelters, we have staircases that lead down at random spots all over campus (one just outside and to the right of my dorm) and you can even hear the pressure release from them about every half hour to hour. But this intercom thing spooked me, so I chose to ignore it.   My roommate and I had pretty opposite schedules so we were rarely in the room together. Weird stuff would happen to us tho. I'd be working at my desk and hear a women go "hello?" Who i'd assume was my roommate or friend from down the hall, but I'd turn around and no one was there. My closet is about 2 feet from the intercom and sometimes I'd hear the door knob turn (it's all good stuff in this dorm, everything creaks). My roommate would text me asking if I forgot my keys and  was knocking on the door (which obviously I wasn't). There was even a time where we were both in the room and a huge bang hit the door (right next to the intercom). We freaked out, looked through the peephole but saw no one. We slowly opened the door to look down the hall and because we're in the center there isn't anywhere to run-- but no one would be there. My roommate broke her leg a month into the school year and had to drop out.   Leaving me on my own.   These weird occurrences would happen so I spent a lot of time in my friends room, only ever sleeping in mine. Eventually we migrated to hanging out in my room, but my friends would always comment about how bad the energy was. It seemed to subside after a bit, but there are still some days I walk in and it's absolutely draining in there. There have even been instances when my boyfriend and i are about to fall asleep and he'll say "what do you mean?" And I ask confused what he's talking about and he'll go "didn't you just say _____?"   Some weird clicking, almost like a telegraph, started coming from the intercom around October. I asked the RA about it but he assured me the intercom was disconnected. I started making more friends, meaning I was in more rooms in my building and the more I spent time elsewhere, the more I realized...my room is the only room with an intercom.   I have a picture of it and I'll try to attach it in the comments or something. But even as I write this I have an uneasy feeling, like I shouldn't be saying this...  Edit: here's the photo of it [The Intercom](https://pasteboard.co/a3OmunVpllwD.jpg) What strange occurences have you come across or been through? *This thing happened on a holiday in Ibiza in the summer of 2018. I’ve always been pretty skeptical about ghosts etc., but this thing really made me see it differently. The reason I’m posting it is because I came across it again after sending my experience to a friend back then.*  I stayed with my parents in a old and dated looking hotel build probably somewhere in the 50s/60s. The two bedroom apartment had a dismantled fire place in it, and the doors were rigid and had vintage but sturdy knobs.   The apartment had this keycard holder in order to have electricity in the apartment. And at the first day of our holiday I put a piece of cardboard in the holder so we don’t need to put our keycard in it every time.  One of the last days of our holiday came to a end, and I went to bed. My room was located right behind the entrance and my bedroom window was looking out on the hallway.  I went to sleep, but eventually I woke up around 05:00 am. I had this weird dream, one that I never had before. As I was rethinking what just happened in my dream I wanted to move my head, but to my horror it was really painful as I had a stiff neck. Luckily I could move it enough and I managed to turn on the lamp on the nightstand.  I looked at my phone to see what time it was, and I also tried to ease the stiff neck a bit but that didn’t help. Eventually I turned the lamp off and went back to sleep.   About 5 minutes later for no reason I was just blankly staring in to the room full of darkness and a tiny bit of light coming through the curtains. I looked around a bit but then I looked to my left, and in the corner of the room I saw a black shadow like figure standing. Looking at me. At that moment I just totally paralyzed and kept on looking at it. Then it began to move to the right and disappeared walking through the bedroom door.  After it disappeared I immediately turned on the lamp on the nightstand but to my horror, it didn’t work. There was no power. I then grabbed my phone that luckily had a few percentages of power left in it and I turned on the flashlight. Instantly I thought about the cardboard in the keycard holder, and with my phone flashlight I opened the rigid door and went to check the keycard holder.  The cardboard was still in its place, but it had moved up a little because when I pressed it down the power came back.  I realized that in the corner where I saw the black shadow standing the entrance is located behind the wall, and that wall also holds the keycard holder.. So the weird dream, stiff neck, no power(even though 5 minutes before there was) and the location of the shadow and keycard holder makes it hard for me to believe that this was just a big chain of coincidences.   Nothing like this ever happened again to me. I told this story very true story narrator style, but it’s because i love to write. I hope it’s okay for here. But I understand if it isn’t.   I can tell you that nothing in this story is made up. Yes, the house should be condemned, nobody should be living in it at all, but i live in a very impoverished area and big old Victorian houses are super cheap because they need to so much work to be livable… this house was not livable, they were making it work.   I have so many stories about this house and the crazy things that happened there. But this one in particular is something i could never forget. Even typing it i has goosebumps the whole time. The feelings felt there that night are ones that aren’t forgotten.   —————————————————————-   I was visiting my ex who lived in a super old house. It had been a hotel, brothel, store and a funeral home In it’s former life.   At this point it is a home that looks so beautiful if you could only see the beautiful architecture and grand wallpaper as they used to be. Instead, the house looks as if it has been forgotten for some time. Dust and cobwebs are visible on every surface, but especially on the deep mahogany carved trim that encircled every room and sometimes protruded into elaborate carvings of guardian protectors.   It was unnerving to be in this home at any time. The hair in the back of your neck would stand every time you switched rooms, as if you had walked in on something that couldn’t be seen. That feeling is something you can get used to though. Its a feeling that fades quickly and grows comfortable after a while. This was a feeling that you didn’t mind because it didn’t trigger any emotion. It was just more of a reminder that some people are unseen.   At night? The house was a different story. Not often, but some nights the house after the sunset felt different. It filled with tension, you could feel the hair on your neck stand, but the energy of someone  being there is much different. This feeling causes goosebumps, it’s uncomfortable, tension filled and chilling. This feeling doesn’t fade and sometimes return just from mentions of the stories i encountered. Not lasting as long as before, but definitely there.   This night, i went over because my boyfriends parents and siblings had gone out of town and needed us to dog sit. We hung around the house and watched TV. That night we decided we would travel to the upstairs back hall, just to scare ourselves. The house felt quieter than normal that day, we were worried we might not see anything in the back hall, like all of the last spirits were on vacation.   That night it changed.   Everyone knows this house is haunted, there is no doubt. But, as you climb the stairs to the second story, you are met with another level of paranormal. Almost constantly you hear things that don’t make sense. You feel that negative tension in the air and you catch things out of the corner of your eye that you can’t find reasoning for. To add a little extra spice, the upstairs had lost all of its electricity several years prior. Instead, they had extension cords running to the three main bedrooms.   The upstairs is split into two parts. One of the parts is at the top of the staircase. It opens to three main bedrooms each with a giant door made of solid wood and sharing the same grand crown molding as the downstairs.   Immediately to the left of the staircase was another identical door. This door leads to a hallway, the hallway has a few rooms and a bathroom. Room numbers still grace the front of each door to let hotel guests know which room would be accommodating them for the evening.   As the sun went down we got excited to go exploring and maybe dig up some trouble. Live for the adrenaline of it, get a little spook in.   As we went up the stairs things felt different. Even in the dark, nothing was happening. Just like earlier in the day the house was quiet. It just felt like we were in any old house. No goosebumps, no presence of another, no noise.   As we turned the knob and opened the door to the back hallway it changed immediately. Suddenly all around us was a presence of darkness, and a feeling of terror. We immediately had the same thought.   “NO”  We closed the door and almost immediately the air cleared of the terrible feeling it had presented just moments earlier.   Since the house felt so calm, we decided to spend some time in my boyfriends bedroom upstairs. As we lay there watching a movie the lights flickered, not uncommon because of the extension cord fire hazard that ran from the Living room and up the stairs.   The flicker brought with it that horrible presence we had felt opening the back hallway door rushing back to us. As we glanced at each other in terror the lights flickered one more and a loud crash came from outside the door and repetitive beats like a toddler running pounded loudly in the hallway directly outside of the room. Only five or six steps, but incredibly loud.   As soon as the pounding footfalls stopped the air changed to normal again. We say catching our breath together for what seemed like forever. Neither of us saying a word. When we did speak, we decided we should leave for the night. The dog would be fine until morning.   Upon opening the door to his bedroom to get out of the house we heard a crunch. Lifting his shoe, we noticed that my ex had just stepped in broken glass. Upon further inspection we realized it wasn’t just broken glass, it was broken Christmas bulbs.    These are special ornaments his mom puts up every year and keeps in special ornament totes with locking lids to prevent breakage. Those totes are behind a closed door, down a hallway, and inside a room that also had a closed door away from where they now lay at our feet.  We left. So me, my dad and my sisters held a seance in my dad's new house. Not the ouija board kind, we used a spirit box. Midway  through the seance I heard the word "play", and so I asked, "you want to play a game with us? As in hide and seek?" My younger sister said that she heard it say 'no'. Almost immediately I felt uneasy and like something bad was happening or going to happen. I then immediately ended the seance. Now I feel a little better but I can't help but feel uneasy in the room where we did the seance. Plz send your blessings. 🙏♥️ god help me ❤️🙏   This story has been in my head for a while so but it has also been over 5 years since this has happened I will try my best to type this out.  It was 2015, and I was 12 years old, in a suburban town in Pennsylvania. I lived on top of a cliff/hill (this part comes in later) and my neighbor at the time, we will call her A, was 11 and a grade under me. Now I was never close to my family so I never really knew the pain of losing a daily member at this point but my neighbor had lost her grandmother at this point in time. She spent a couple of days with her family and once she came home she was still a mess. I, doing the only thing I knew how to do when people were upset, found her as soon as she came home and hugged her. After this, we hung out all and decided we wanted to hang out all night because, why not? Her brother was staying at his other friend's house as his own coping mechanism so we took over his bedroom, with his permission, because he had a queen bed and so we could share a bed. I’ll skip over all the tween girl shit we did because it's not important. Where the weird shit is is at around 12:00 am. We ended our night watching Southpark on her laptop, A fell asleep during the last episode we were watching. I finished the episode and put her laptop on the floor and just turned over to go to sleep. Now, this is where this gets really hard to explain so I am going to write what happened in list order of times:  \~12:00 am - I finish watching the Southpark episode and went to sleep  \~12:30 am - A stirs quite hard in bed  \~1:00-1:15 am - A stirs concerningly hard in her sleep to the point where I make sure she is okay and also starts to make weird noises. Like when a baby tried to learn to talk for the first time but just couldn't figure out how to make the words.  \~1:30 am - A stirs SO hard in her sleep that she ends up laying with her head at my feet and her feet at my head and she's doing the weird mumble/growl thing even louder and it really doesn't sound like her  \~2:00 am - She continues stirring and making weird noises  \~2:30 am - She starts making the noises again and stirs more and more. She eventually sat up in bed and sat up completely straight, turning her head out towards the front of the bed. Her shoulders completely relax and she says, “But I didn’t mean to!” in a tone that makes it sound like she was getting scolded. She lays down while swinging her legs completely straight out and laying down perfectly as if someone was placing down a doll. I, freaking the fuck out, turned to look to see what she was looking at. When I turned I saw a figure of a woman that was just pure white, I didn't get a long enough look to be able to make out features but I saw something. Now, this figure thing was not in front of a window, mirror, or any sort of light. The street lamps were not LEDs at this point, they were actually a yellow color. I also only go to see this figure for about half a second.  2:37 am - (Yes I know the exact time) I pack my shit up and go home.  As I am going home I feel like I'm being stared at from all corners behind and in front of me as I walk on the road. I kept checking behind me and obviously, there was nothing to the eye I felt like there was. The house I lived in had a concrete slab walkway thing that led up to my front door. As I am walking out of this walkway I hear what sounds like heavy boots walking behind me. I remember pausing and trying to let my brain figure out if it was my steps or something else. As I walk faster so do the sounds of the steps behind me. Once I got to my door they stopped.   The next day, I told my neighbor about this and there was no explanation for this experience. My family and hears told me that I saw nothing, what I heard was her simply sleep-talking even though she had no prior experience with it and also that her stirring was just normal. About weeks after this happened I spoke about it to A again and her exact sentence to bringing it up again was, “Oh yeah, it was my grandma. She visits me in my sleep now.”  Now that that is kind of explained, let's get back to the feeling of being watched while crossing the road. This is also where the cliff I lived on comes in. Now if there are people who don’t know Pennsylvania is the state of coal and there's a lot of coal mining obviously. After the whole “seeing my friend's dead grandma” ordeal we were sitting around the fire talking about why our parents decided to live where we lived. So we simply asked them, and one thing that really sticks out in the conversation is the risk factor of living where we lived. Underneath all our houses is old mining tunnels that could collapse at any minute. There is not a lot of information on the story but I am pretty sure something happens and there was an accident or people got sick but something happened and it was not good. So that could feeling of being watched while walking, maybe there was just making sure I got home safe.  I have never had an experience like that ever since that moment. I am now 18 and still can’t make sense of the situation and also no longer talk to A. It is like a weird unclosed chapter of my life. When I was a kid (6/7) my mom moved us into an apartment which had been an old home converted into apartments. The house was about 3 homes down the street from a mortuary in which there was a wayward cemetery behind it (that’s another story). So when we first moved in I think everything was fine BUT eventually my moms bedroom door would swing open and slam shut and repeat. My mom told me that it was something wrong with the hinges of the door which caused it to do that (but my gut always told me different) some days it would open and shut here and there but there were some nights it would go WILD. Fast forward, I didn’t want to sleep in my room because I always say the silhouette of a person in my doorway just looking at me. I would be literally frozen.   One specific thing that happened to me that I know for sure I will never forget is that one day my grandmother was babysitting me & she told me not to run in the house. She left me inside to go sit in the porch so I decided to fill my water gun and join her. I went in the kitchen which if you can picture there was a straight shot from the back of the apartment to the front door with no obstructions …A sprinters dream. The set up went like this (starting at the back of the apartment) 1. kitchen 2. dining room. Living room / door. Just wide open space. I filled my water gun and took off full speed, as soon as I hit the living room I was pushed and held down. I screamed but nothing would come out. It felt like I was glued to the floor for hours, I couldn’t hear anything, I couldn’t move, nothing!!! It felt like sleep paralysis except I was fully awake. I honestly don’t know how long I was on the floor but one min sound didn’t exist and the next it was like someone turned the volume of the universe up to the max as my grandma walked in the door.   The look I gave her had to be wild because I was so confused. I asked her if she heard me screaming and she looked at me like I was crazy and said no. I ended up telling her what happened to me and she sternly told me not to run around in that apartment. That night when my mom got home from work I heard her mentioning how “You know that man killed his wife and hung himself in your bedroom doorway & that’s why it keeps opening up now she is feeling and seeing things!” My mom began letting me sleep with her or on the couch.    Our neighbor said that one time she locked her front door which was a chain lock dead bolt and bottom lock. It was mid day and she went to take a shower. When she got out the front door was wide open.  I still try to research the home and overall area but I always come up empty! This happened in Salem, NJ Not a lot to this story, but thought after a long time reader on here I would post my one and only possible paranormal experience.  A friend of mine was going out of town and she asked me if I wouldn’t mind house sitting for a few nights to take care of her dogs. No big deal. Only inconvenience really was that her house she lived in with her mother, a double wide, was located in the middle of no where in the mountains with only one or two neighbors close by. It was land her family has owned for years and years. My commute to work would be longer but she was a good friend and for just the weekend I figured it wouldn’t be too bad.  Before she left she mentioned a few things that might catch my attention while I was there but assured me everything was fine and these “occurrences” she would describe next were innocent and did not happen very often.  1. She would, for instance, walk in the kitchen and on her way out she would smell a strong cologne in an area that it hadn’t been just before. No men lived or stayed in the home.  2. A dark shadow would walk by doorways. She spoke of this entity as being her grandfather from the stature and the fact that the double wide was put on top, or very close to, where her grandparents’ home used to set.  3. She would wake randomly in the night to one or both of her dogs laying on her bed growling, barking, but always staring at the ceiling in one corner of the room. And ONLY this corner of the room.   Needless to say after she let me know these things I was a little more apprehensive staying there, and the first night opted to sleeping in one of the chairs in the living room with the tv constantly playing.   The next morning I was pleasantly surprised to say I never saw, smelled, or felt another presence in the house. So, the following night after an uncomfortable night sleeping in a recliner, I decided I would sleep in my friend’s bedroom. I’ll never forget waking up from a dead sleep, not knowing the time, but seeing one of her dogs on the bed beside me growling, with the other dog on the floor closest to the door and farthest from the corner staring up growling in the same manner. I had been deliberately sleeping with my back to that corner so waking up the way I did made me terrified just at the idea of turning over to see if I could see why the dogs were freaking out. I don’t remember how long I laid there, but after nudging the dog beside me off the bed it seemed to get both dogs out of their trance and they left the room for the rest of the night. Still not rolling over I pulled the covers up completely over my face as tried to go back to sleep as quickly as possible. I fell asleep not long after.  The next morning felt just as normal as the day before.  The remainder of my time there was spent solely in the living room. I do remember a night watching tv and could’ve sworn I saw a shadow out of the corner of my eye passing by the living room doorway but that was the only time. This was the first and last time I ever stayed at her house. As I walked home from work, I couldn't shake the feeling that someone was watching me. I kept turning around, but I never saw anyone there. When I finally made it to my apartment, I locked the door behind me and tried to shake off the eerie feeling.   But it only got worse. I started hearing strange noises coming from the corners of my apartment – whispers and footsteps that seemed to follow me wherever I went. I tried to tell myself it was just my imagination, but deep down I knew it was something more.   I tried to ignore the noises and went about my routine, but it was impossible to focus. I was jumpy and on edge, and it was starting to take a toll on my mental health.   One night, as I was lying in bed, I heard a voice whisper my name. It was soft and ethereal, and it sent a chill down my spine. I sat up in bed and looked around, but I was alone in the room.   I decided it was time to take action. I went online and did some research, and I quickly realized that my apartment was haunted. The previous tenant had committed suicide in the bathroom, and his spirit was now trapped in the apartment with me.   I didn't know what to do. I was terrified, but I couldn't afford to move out. I decided to try and communicate with the ghost, hoping to find a way to make peace and coexist.   At first, it was difficult to get the ghost to respond. But eventually, I started to hear his voice more clearly, and we began to have conversations. He told me about his life and his regrets, and I listened with empathy.   As time went on, the ghost became less malevolent and more friendly. I even started to enjoy his company. But then, one day, he told me that he was ready to move on.   He thanked me for being a good listener and for helping him to find closure. And then, just like that, he was gone. The noises stopped, and my apartment was quiet once again.   But I never forgot about the ghost, and I often wonder if he found the peace that he was seeking.Heya,  2022 has almost come to an end, so we decided to give back to the users who contributed to this sub. It's simple - comment on this post with a link to a post/comment you've seen on this subreddit that you really liked. The comments will be set to contest mode meaning no one can see how many up/downvotes a comment has. On 14th Jan, the voting will be closed and whichever comment has the most upvotes will be the winner of best of 2022 and they'll receive a mod-only award that will give them 8 weeks of reddit premium with 1.4k coins.  Comment away and have a great new year! I’m usually a skeptic when it comes to ghosts, but since living in a 100 year old house, things have gotten weird. I’ve gotten used to the bumps and shadows, but one night, I things got super spooky.   My wife was sleeping and I was laying in bed in the dark reading a book on my phone. Suddenly, the dogs begin barking and I hear a series of hard thuds against the floor as if someone was walking down the hall with work boots on. My wife must’ve heard it too because she lifted her head and asked what it was. We fell silent and again, it sounded as if someone took three slow steps down the hall.   For a little context, at the end of the hall is a small built on utility room that leads out to the backyard. We quickly began thinking that maybe someone had come in from the back door.   The dogs were still alert when my wife asked me to pass her the pistol and as she got up to assess the situation, it sounded like someone started charging down the hall towards the room. Scared the shit out of all of us. My wife ran out of the room with the dogs ready to shoot first and ask questions laters, but there was no one there.  Not a soul.   For more context, before we rented this house, my mom rented it and when I told her about what happened, she said that the same things happened to her. She heard running down the hall in the middle of the night and stood by her bedroom door with a crowbar only for no one to appear.   Occasionally, I still hear heavy footsteps, but I ignore them now. Too bad I can’t ignore when they whisper in my ear. I'm not spiritual, but spirits have always been my friends. In the best of times, and in the worst of times. Spirits have accompanied me when I'm down and out, or when I celebrated my first born. While others smell sulphur, my nostrils are so tuned to the sweet aroma that I believe in all my heart is the nectar that powers the soul. Some fear it, others want it exorcised from their lives, but I welcome them with open arms. They often feel like a long lost friend. Distant but familiar. So here's to you, Jack. My familiar friend. Here's to another year for giving me glimpses of what heaven feels like. As the countdown to my death approaches with every living second, I have you, Jack, to comfort me, to hold me, and to accompany me to whatever lays ahead of me. Thank you, my spirit friend.When I was 14 (in 1994), my bedroom was in the attic of a 100 year old house. My 7 year old sister and parents had bedrooms on the 2nd floor, and the main floor was mostly open with a cute 40's style kitchen.  One day I was in my room when one of the kids visiting the 2nd floor had accidentally made his way up into my room. He was quiet and just looked at me. This happened often so I directed him back down the stairs to the 2nd floor. An hour or so later, I walk downstairs to talk to my mom and casually asked where the kids went. She seemed confused and said that my sister wasn't home today and no kids were visiting. I walked up and down the stairs a few times, checked all the closets and figured the kid must have left. Mom assured me she's been sitting between the only two doors of the house and no kids visited. I was sure I saw a kid but it would have been hard to sneak around her twice, especially with the loud screen doors.  That night before dinner, I'm skimming thru the local paper. Every day they would publish anniversaries of local stories from 5, 10, 20, 50 and 100 years ago. When I got to the story about 50 years ago, it told a story about a kid who died when a bomb got loose from the ww2 armory across the street and accidentally detonated in OUR kitchen. I look around and notice how our kitchen is from the 40s. -- Then I remember how I saw this kid earlier in the day and it freaked me out. Was he a ghost kid? Even without the ghost kid, it's a weird story, but what if he was a ghost kid?  We moved away from that house and I always wondered about the ghost kid.  So here's where it gets really weird. When I moved in with a roommate 5 years later, we're telling stories back and forth one night and eventually get around to ghost stories and I tell him about the ghost kid.  He says, "Was it at 44 Front Ave East?"  Um, yes. (He didn't know me then. This is weird)  "That's my uncle Bobby. He hit it with an ice pick." Never saw anything like it again have been down paths several times since. Me and my uncle pulled in at 11:45 one night in October and parked next to the gated in smaller baseball field by the river and started walking towards the main path. Backstory on this ghost quick as far as I know he would check on the graves back in the 1800’s at the mini graveyard (that we are now walking in the opposite direction of because we saw his lantern from deep in the woods driving in) and then he died. So as we are walking towards the path in between the 2 trees at the beginning he is standing there, an outline of a human being, divine orange light covering his entire body, no more lantern. My uncle kind of left me in the dust running away, I was awestruck and looked for as long as I could until the fear washed over me when he started walking forward and I immediately ran to the car and my uncle took the long way out and as we left I saw him in the rear view mirror. Also as we left 2 woman with strollers were walking into into the park and I asked my uncle if we should warn them and he shouted no. I always was puzzled by that but now start to wonder if they were a trap or ghost as well cause it was nearly 12 at that point. I wanna know if anybody’s seen anything like this cause I cannot really explain this to people As a kid I lived with my mom in an old house divided in 4 appartments. We lived on the first floor and the house was near a mortuary. All the time that we lived there (20 years) my mom and I had many strange encounters with someone or something. Today I want to start telling my Stories and begin with the one that may not be the scariest but gives me headaches til today.  I had a canopy bad as a child (my grandpa built it when I was very little (4 or 5)). As a Teengirl I once went to a dollar store and found a "unique" dreamcatcher that fit perfectly between the curtains of my canopy bed. The dreamcatcher had a star macrame in dark purple and instead of feathers some kind of wind chime under the macrame part. It was very pretty and I loved the dingeling sound every time I got out or into bed. One day when I came home and went to my room I noticed immediatly that my Dreamcatcher was gone. Only the Ring and a piece of purple fabric hung between the curtains. The rest of my dreamcatcher was in pieces everywhere on my bed and in the room. The chime part was ripped apart and the macrame was completely torn. It looked like a cat had a very good time with it but we didn't own a cat. It felt like a crime scene to me and gave me chills. Later that day I did some research on the star pattern of the macrame only to find out that the star symbol is meant to drive out dark spirits. Maybe this Dreamcatcher saved me or someone else in the house in a way I never noticed. I still have no other explanation for this experience. I'd love to hear similar stories. (Sorry for bad english) I HOPE ! IT'S GOOD TO SHARE IT HERE.! THE TIME WAS 12 AM AT NIGHT AND I WAS GOING TO BUY A PIZZA SO I WALKED FEW STEPS AND I GOT TO MET A CUTE LITTLE BOY AND HER SISTER THEY WERE LOOKING SO TIRED AND LITTLE BIT CREEPY TO CUZ OF THERE WAY OF STARTING A CONVERSATION BY SAYING HOW DOES IT FEELS TO DIE AND MEET SOMEONE AT MIDDLE OF THE ROAD AT SAME TIME I GOT LITTLE BIT OF GOOSEBUMPS INSTANTLY CUZ THERE WAS A AMBULANCE GOING IN FULL SPEED INFRONT OF WITH LOUD CRYING AND PEOPLE'S WERE RUNNING BEHIND IT AND ALL THOSE LOUD VOICES TEARY EYES ALL AROUND I GOT SPOOKED AND THAT'S THERE IS THE TWO UNKNOWN LITTLE BROTHER AND SISTER TAPPED ON MY SHOULDER AND SAID LETS GO BUT I INSIST AND LET ME SEE WHAT HAPPENED THERE BUT FOR NEXT FEW MINS I STARTED TO FEEL MORE COLD AND SADNESS AT EXACT TIME N THEY BOTH SPOKE ONE MORE TIME LET'S GO AND THAT'S WHERE WHEN I WALKED PAST A UNBALANCED AND SPEEDY CAR CAME AT EXACT TIME N IT BUMPED INTO THE WALL SHOCKED ME TO CORE AND THAT'S WHAT GAVE MORE GOOSEBUMPS WHEN THEY BOTH WAS NOT THERE STANDING WITH ME NEXT BY MY SIDE AND THE PERSON WHO WAS DRIVING DIED AND AFTER THAT I STOOD UP AND WALKED TO THE HOSPITAL AND WHAT I SAW WAS SO DOWNRIGHT CHILLING THE ONES WHOM I MET BEFORE STANDING BY MY SIDE ARE LAYING DOWN ON STRETCHERS ARE DEAD BROTHER AND SISTER IT GOT ME SO SHOOK AND AFTER FEW MINS I GOT TO KNOW THE ONE WHOSE CAR WAS SPEEDING AND BUMPED INTO THE WALL WAS THEIR FATHER WHO KILLED THEM COMING TO SEE THEIR DEAD CHILDRENS HIS GRUESOME KILLING AND THEY SAVED MY LIFE AFTER THEIR LIFE WAS TAKEN 🥺💔 RIP THOSE BEAUTIFUL BROTHER AND SISTER SOUL.🕊️ IT TOOK ME 4 MONTHS TO GATHER MY COURAGE AND TO SHARE THIS I (11m) at the time was on my way to school one Monday morning, and to get to my school you would have to go through two tunnels between houses. I had exited the first tunnel and turn to walk to the second (around 4 houses way) when a feeling of unease and anxiety breeze onto me, before i could even react i had heard the sudden noise that nobody ever wants to hear when by themselves. I had heard a baby crying, so what do i do? i turn around and check, the baby was fine and was left in a stroller, After giving it one of my milo bars and a quick look around, i placed it back in the stroller closed the top and walked away (a horrible decision i know but i was 11), not even 2 houses away i turned around to check and it was gone. I sped up to the second tunnel before seeing the baby stroller in the middle with a sign saying "Turn Around". thats where the story gets fuzzy, i wrote it down somewhere and if you want i can update with the rest So I have experience anything normal yet but I'm kind being forced into putting myself in to a position that I will end up experiencing it.   So the apartment building I'm living in had to be evacuated due structural issue found that had been cause by a hurricane we had a few months back.   Basically the whole building had to find temporary living well repairs are being done. Due to this being cause by a act of nature our landlord is not required to help us.    I'm temporarily staying with a friend but it's only for a few days.    I am currently looking for a long term temporary place to stay. But my option are limited because I don't have many family members here. My parents are in a assisted living community that doesn't allow long time guest and my sibling live in other states. I need to stay here for work.  The few friend I do have all already live in multiple people house hold and there just not room.    The only one of knew who had room was one of my cousins we will call him Sam. Sam and his husband own a farm house not to far out of the town limits and would only be about a 30-40 min commute to work. So I called him ask if he be ok with me staying there.   That when he started acting weird..   This was some of phone conversations   Him: um I don't think you going want to stay here.   Me: why   Him: ok I'm going to tell you something and you can't laugh because it not funny  Me: what  Him: this place is haunted  Me: Sam come on.  Him: i am being seriously it haunted. Well actually its  just the masters bedroom   Me; why do you think that.    He goes on to explain that less then a week after moving in. Werid thing start happening but only in his master bedroom . Pretty much basically haunted house stuff. Moving object slamming doors and cabinets and lights turning on and off.   But the scarest thing was that at night there would be a someone knocking on the cloest door from the inside. A loud knock.   That would last for a while.   He even sent me a video of it (no I will not be sharing as it's not my video to share)   This freak them and only a few months after moving in they decided they couldn't sleep in that room anymore.    Now the house had 2 room when they moved in a smaller room that felt more like a small office. and the master bedroom where the knocking happen.  Because of the weird stuff that went down in that room.   Sam and his husband actually build a another bedroom onto there house. On the completely opposite side of the house. And slept in the small office room well it was being build.    Now thing is  I'm a pretty big septic when it come to ghost stuff.  But the fact they actually built a whole new room make me think there something to thier story.   Also I  know Sam and he is not the kind of guy to make this stuff up.  After he informed me on the happings   He said I am feel to stay but that I have to stay in the small room as the old master room is now locked and no one is allow inside.   He explain that after moving out they started hearing the knock on the other side of the bedroom door rather then the closet in the room. At which point they decide to permanently lock the door.   He said that if that happens to just ignore it.     So basically I am free to stay with them but apparently I have another roommate who may or may not be a evil spirit    As a septic I wanted some advice from believers  So what do you think  should i move in (i kind of don't have a choose though) Here's a story about me questioning my sanity after becoming a mother for the first time. Fall 2020 our first child was born. From the beginning she was very agile, could hold her head up only after a few weeks, always moving and determined to learn something new. One of the first times she rolled over by her self on our couch, me sitting infront of her, I applauded and cheered- and right next to me I heard a man cheer with me, like he was standing next to us in the living room. It was a loud deep voice, no real words, just joyful gibberish. We were alone. Our little family moved to my hometown, into my grand parents old home in spring 2021. We had to renovate a few rooms, left our furniture temporarily at the old place and slept in the huge old bed my grandpa left for us in his house. One night my boyfriend was still working on the floor in the dining room. He wanted to finish his work and I decided to go to bed with our daughter. I layed her down (sleeping) in the middle of the huge bed, surrounded her by pillows so she couldn't fall out and went quick to the bathroom next door. In the middle of brushing my teeth I heard the deep voice again, this time he sounds angry, very loud, almost intimidating. I dropped everything and rushed to the bedroom, my daughter was awake and somehow rolled her self to the edge of the bed (she never did THAT before, this situation teached me to expect everything at any time). I was there just in time to prevent her from falling. I called my boyfriend, asking him if he had said anything or called me but he denied. I didn't know how to feel at this point. A few month later on our daughters first birthday we had an accident and needed to go to the hospital. I will not go in to detail, but I can say that I thought her head would be injured, but there was almost nothing. Its like someone put his hand over her head in just the perfect moment. I heard "him" one more time shortly after the accident in a calm and clear voice. He told me: "I am here". I believe "he" wants nothing but the best for our daughter. My boyfriend has a difficult relationship with his fathers side of the family. I kind of forced him to at least send a letter to his grand parents that we were expecting a child when I was pregnant. Three months before our daughter was born, his grandfather died of cancer and noone told us. We found it out two days after our child was born. I have the feeling I know who her guardian angel might be.This is a true story that some of you might not believe. But i (14f) have a ghost named Catherine. She is a interesting spirit that has told me a lot of stuff about herself.  now before anyone asks about the home i live in, i live in a new-ish home around 14 years old (first owner), My house is on Indian farm lands. when i told my dad about Catherine he said i was crazy. and that no one died on this land, it was farm land before the house was built.  i first started seeing her in December 2021. I was on call with my Ex-Boyfriend. and Catherine started to crawl out of my closet like the weirdo she is  and i started to cry. my ex tried to console  me as best as he could, it took about 30mins just for her to go back in my closet.  Catherine is not a poltergeist, she can talk to me and make herself visible.  To describe Catherine she is 25 years old, she is pretty tall. and nice but mean type of girl. when i first started seeing her she told me she wanted to kill me. lucky for you Catherine you haven't yet.  Ok but she told me that 6 months ago. but slowly she started warming up to me. she told me she had a boyfriend in the afterlife. and she is Pansexual. she loves playing games and can be affectionate at times but can be very hostel. she has comforted me before .  thanks for reading Heres a little background context So this past Thanksgiving was hard for my family. It was the first Thanksgiving without my biological grandmother (I called her Nana) her life partner my other grandmother (who I called Nane) so now that I got out of the way  So on Thanksgiving night me Nane and my half brother were sitting in the living room reminiscing on past Thanksgivings we spent with Nana when we heard something fall in the master bedroom. Nane had closed the door to keep the dogs out of there so no one and nothing was in there. We brushed it off and decided to put on movie and were watching it when we heard voices coming from the room. We paused the movie to listen but couldn't quit make out what they were saying. We assumed it was just the neighbors and were about to continue the movie when we heard a voice call out for Nane in my Nanas voice only it wasn't her. We all knew it. Again she called out this time for me this time the tone in her voice was urgent. Like she was hurting. "Help.. me." We heard her cry. My older brother who's never really encountered nor care for the super natural was shaking he tried to get up when Nane shouted. Something she's never done "DONT OPEN THAT DOOR!"  Again we heard my Nana crying while pounding on the door. When at 11:52PM it was quite. That was the time she died. Till this day we haven't spoken of what happened. Nane had me sage the entire house the next day. I’ve been reading through these stories and some of them stood out. It isn’t until all these years later (I’m 29) that it clicked on what I saw.   Backstory: I’ve had experiences since I was young. Very vivid dreams, immense feelings of what others are going through, psychic abilities, etc. *Found out recently I’m an Empath after thinking something was wrong with me** I have a twin sister, whom isn’t an empath, but has seen these things as well. And that town house was haunted, or those energies are attracted to us. I’ve heard twins are different than just the surface.   We were trying to sleep, we had bunk beds, but slept on the bottom because we’re inseparable (lol). I lie there in the dark, ready to dose off, when I see a figure peeking into my door, slightly. I stared in fear, I remember the sweating from anxiety til this day. He just stood there looking in, my sister saw it too. But we said nothing to each other. I blanked out, as I don’t remember what happened afterwards.   When I’ve told this story in the past, I referenced this figure to FREDDY KRUEGER!! He had a brim hat, dressed in all black. It was until reading you guys’ experiences that I know exactly what I saw in 2004! Thank you all.My grandpa died when I was 10, me and all of my cousins called him Pakis. He had nine children, 8 girls, including my mother and 1 boy. My grandpa was a painter and painted many paintings throughout his life. Those paintings now live on the walls of the homes his children live in. All of his kids (now my aunts and uncle) and all of my aunts and my uncle had kids, so we have a very large family. When he died my oldest cousins were probably nearing their 30s.   Two years after he died my oldest cousin announced her pregnancy. I was in 6th grade. Fast forward to her baby being born and learning how to crawl. He would often crawl to my grandpas paintings and would sit in front of them and babble to them. Like he was trying to have a conversation with his paintings in baby language.   2 years or so later, the baby is now a toddler and he can walk and knows a few words. We were all hanging out outside in my aunts backyard, when the toddler walked over to nothing and pointed in the air and said “Pakis.” Everyone who heard stopped talking and just looked over as he continued to point to what we saw as nothing. His mom grabbed a picture of Pakis and showed it to him and said “Buddy, who is that?” And the toddler said “That’s Pakis!”  Mind you Pakis died way before the baby was ever born. My cousin was even more confused because she admitted that she had never showed him a picture of him. This happened around 13 years ago. My parents said that they were going on a date. Now i think u should mention that we lived in a very small town. There were no houses near us. But anyways, they said that they would back in soon. They informed me on the rules. Don’t open the door for anyone etc. Once they left, i decided to lay down for a while. After about 25 minutes I heard a knock at the door, I knew my parents weren’t home yet, so i didn’t check at first. But after a while i found the strength to go check a window. I carefully peeped through the blinds, but no one was there. I was confused but also very scared. I sat down on the couch and forgot about it. After a while i again heard a knock but I also heard my mother’s voice say “let me in” i checked the blinds once more and saw nothing. My heart dropped, and i ran to my room and closed the door behind me. I sat on my bed for what felt like hours. Even though nothing had happened for a while. But the window closest to my bed was knocked on three times. I yelled out in fear and ran out my room crying. I decided to go to my parents room and wait for them to arrive. After a while they finally got home and unlocked the door. I ran out the room and ran to them and told them about the strange things that happened. They obviously didn’t believe me. But once they arrived the knocking stoped completely. Nothing has happened since.. (the end) 1st experience was when I was like maybe 2 or 3 yrs old( I'm 19 now). I was sleeping in my room and I suddenly woke up to a pitch dark room i was afraid of the dark at that time so I was scared but then I saw a tall shadow on my wall and it disappeared after I blinked and the next day I told my dad about and he said"what did it look like?" I told him it was tall and looked like it was wearing a hat(I don't remember what type of hat) my dad said my great grandfather wore a hat like the one I saw the shadow wear and he also said my great grandfather was tall too( my great grandfather the one that died before I was born). That was my first experience and also got me into believing ghosts. My dad's house is haunted by my great grandparents and one of them even died in my room before I was born. And we would have little experiences here and there not much though. It would be some footsteps coming from the attic when no one was up their and then sometimes my dog Bella would start stare in at nothing and start growling then go back to whatever she was doing before and sometimes you feel like you're being watched when no one was around. One night I was home alone with my dog Bella and All of a sudden we heard something lound fall in the attic and it made me and Bella both jump I wasn't going up there cause I never liked the attic I always got a creepy vibe up there so I waited till my dad got home so we can check it out when he did we went up found one of my old doll houses was on the floor up their and it wasn't before, it was in a crawl space behind a wall that was easy to get too but when we went up their it was in the middle of the room outside of the crawl space. That was weird.   I have 2 great grandfathers  One that died before I was born and the other one died in 2018 before I started 8th grade.  2nd experience was in 2018 right before I started 8th grade My other great grandfather passed he was 90yrs old and the night  he passed I had a feeling that he was gone and then 5 minutes later my dad got a call from my grandma that papadoo( my great grandfather) passed and that night he came to me when I was sleeping letting me know he was alright.  3rd experience was the saddest and sweetest one that I had and it was about my dog Bella she passed in 2020 when I was 16. The day she was put down (cause she was old and not doing well) that night I was having trouble sleeping and when I did finely fall asleep I dreamed that Bella came to visit me and lay next to me and it felt so real I knew she came to Tell me that she was ok and I woke up and tears were coming down my face. I still miss her very much but I know she in a better place.  4th experience was in 2019 in Decembere and my family went to the hospital to see my uncle for the last time and also be around him when the doctors pulled the plug. We were standing around him and when the doctors pulled the plug he was gone and right after he was pronounce dead we all saw out the window a couple of fireworks go into the sky close to the hospital and we didn't know why their was no event going on anywhere and it only happened once and the hospital didn't do it either but we all thought it was him going into heaven ( my uncle did fireworks for our town before he got sick) and that he was ok.   Last experience wasn't mine it was my dads. Before I was born my dad was making renovations on my great grandparents home( the great grandparents that died before I was born) and he was in the basement listening to his favorite rock station while working and all of a sudden the radio changed and started playing classical music which was great grandparents favorite music and my dad asked if they changed the station and the station went back to the rock station.   The house my dad is moving into is my other great grandfather papadoo's old house which used to be a farmhouse back in the early 1900s and it has some creepy stuff happen their like seeing old car headlights in the driveway but no car is their and the house is in the middle of the woods so can't a car driving by and the owner before my great grandfather had some of his family's funerals down in the living room back then so Everytime we walk in their it feels like  you get that mourned felling like at a funeral and the house still has the window were people came over look through whenever the family was having a funeral in there home.  Thats all of the stories. And it is my first time writing about them. I was visiting a family ranch in the country side of Mexico. I was 12 and it was the first time I was visiting this ranch in a long time. This ranch has been in the family for centuries, there are pictures and paintings of my ancestors all throughout the ranch that always made me want to go home before it was dark. While I was there, at some point I got the urge to go use the bathroom. All my cousins were in a separate room eating and catching up. When I went to the bathroom, I noticed there was a door right next to this bathroom, I assumed it was a bedroom but I didn’t check in respect to my uncle (the owner of the ranch). When I was in the bathroom I heard what sounded like an old wooden rocking chair rocking in the room next door, I didn’t think much of it. I went to wash my hand and in that moment I heard nails clawing at the door to the bathroom. I didn’t freak out, I know how my cousins get and I was aware that it was most likely a light hearted prank by someone who needed to use the bathroom. When I opened the door, no one was there. I rushed back to my cousins where I brushed off the situation and didn’t mention it. Later in the day, my cousins who lived in the ranch were telling some scary stories about this ranch, where they revealed that it was haunted. They told us about the room attached to the bathroom, and how an old lady who used to live in that room still lives in it and sometimes when you’re in her space she’ll rock her rocking chair. British Girl Explores Channel: https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCy4A9u8gTtOZWJehW5fYdUQThe day he passed away,(years before I was born. And is my Father’s father) the last word he said were, “I’ll turn the sky red”. But, whenever I see the pinkish bright sky around. I just think about my late grandpa. And makes my day, slightly better whenever I have those ‘Off days’ or whenever I feel uncomfortable/mad.  But, it was before I knew or heard about this until I’ve reached my teen years. And during my childhood, I’ve liked the colour Red.  So, then my dad asked me. “Why do you like red?” And I’ve always answered. “Idk, it’s just a colour and have not thought about it.” I put this in glitch on the matrix on the ground of the weird things reappearing in my place after being gone for awhile, but realized this is not of a ghost story. I have Many of these stories, but this is the one that involves my current home.  Trigger- unaliving  Context: before I moved into my apt, my friend's sister and her hubby lived here. They got married and had kids while living here. When they separated, they both moved out. A year later the husband unalived himself. That situation happened 3 months before the weird things started happening in my apt.  Almost 3 years ago I had a week of weird crap happening in my apt. It started with my laundry detergent. I got home one day and the bottle was on the floor with a weird spill pattern. The washer hadn't been on, so it didn't get knocked off by that. No one had been home for hours. I didn't think much of it, except that the spill didn't seem consistent with it falling from the washer. The next day I'm at the dryer and I'm holding socks, about to put them in my sock bag behind me. I dropped a sock and it made a really loud thud. I froze up, because that was definitely not the sound a sock should make when it hits the floor. The sound sounded like something had been thrown at me. I bend down and a smart watch that I had been on my headboard to my bed was right there. That freaked me out. Two days go by and I'm in my room when I remembered I needed to readjust my thermostat in the front room. I got up and did that and then came right back to my room. I sit on my bed, go to grab my drink on my night stand and right next to the cup is my pot pen that went missing 6 months prior. It had just vanished one day. I had looked everywhere and finally gave up a month later and replaced it with one that was a different color.   Now, because of these weird things happening, I decided to call my friend to ask her if there would be any reason for him to "haunt" my place. That's when I found out about their life together in this apt. I told my friend she should call her sister. My friend Cassie me back and says I need to call her sister. Her sister had been having a hard time since losing the father of her kids. She told my friend she wasn't on a good head space and thinking bad thoughts when my friend called. I told my friend I would call her. When I went to dial, something fell on my house and my kids started freaking out, so I checked on them. By the time I was finished settling then, I felt it was too late to call. I waited until the morning to call my friend's sister. Next morning I got around and there was this weird feeling I had. I figured it's time to call her. It rang and rang and I didn't think she was going to answer, but on the last ring she answered and was bawling. I told her to get out, it's ok I don't mind. I reassure her if it's too much for her to talk to be, she didn't have to. She got herself together and told me that she had been on her way to the exact tree her ex used to... Unalive himself. She was almost to the tree and her phone started ringing. It was me calling. We ended up talking for over an hour. I found out that the days I had weird shit going on, she had been parked outside my apt being nostalgic and remembering him.   The weird shit calmed down after that for awhile. Whenever something does happen, I tell Zach to cool it. So I was just watching one of those ask Reddit videos on YouTube about creepy experiences, and it reminded me of a really creepy experience I had a few months ago and I wanted to share. Not really a “ghost” story, but unexplained and VERY creepy, regardless of possible coincidence. So I worked for a construction company up until recently, and within the first week of working there, we were working on a specific job that was relatively close to me so I drove there every morning. I’d just passed my driving test, so I was taking every opportunity I could get to drive, and I was taking full advantage of all the driving comforts available. I had my radio on, but I had one of those radio/Bluetooth transmitters that you can connect your phone to and play your own Spotify/Apple Music or whatever through, so you can listen to your own music and playlists. So I was listening to my own playlist, driving on my way to work, and for some reason it was being kinda glitchy and the signal was being temperamental, even though the radio transmitter was literally a couple of feet away from my radio aerial at all times. Whilst I was driving, the signal got so bad it was cutting out, then I started to hear muffled voices through the radio. Not like a talk show, but like people were communicating. Like in one of those cliché movies where people accidentally tap into Russian communications or something like that. And it went on for a few seconds, muffled voices that I couldn’t really hear properly to understand. Then out of nowhere, clear as day, the word “killing”. Just one word. Nothing else. Then it went back to the muffled voices for a couple of seconds, then perfect signal again and back to my playlist. I was honestly so creeped out. I told my mum about it but she just brushed it off, which was so weird to me because she’s always been very “sensitive” to all things paranormal. The only explanation would be that I drove through an area where the same signal that my transmitter transmits was being transmitted from somewhere else, and i happened to pick it up. But I drove through that area at the same time, every morning and it never happened before or again. And that also doesn’t explain the actual stuff I heard. Muffled voices? And ONE WORD. “KILLING”. Wtf. My grandmother passed when I was 5, and when she died she told me and my siblings I’ll leave you dimes and pennies. I didn’t understand what she was meaning of course I was just a child. After she passed I would find dimes randomly around my room, not thinking much of it I would just pick them up and go on about my day.   Until one day I was pissed off at my parents, can’t remember why, I must of be 7-8, I was in my living room laying on the floor just cussing up a storm as quit as I could be so I didn’t get into more trouble. When out of absolutely thin air a dime falls and slaps me right in the forehead. I sat up thinking it was my brother or something trying to mess with me when I realized no one was around. It freaked me out! I got up and went to my room trying not to focus on it to much.   It started happening more and more but only when I was angry, my grandmother was always good at calming me down. I thought I was crazy until I was with my friend pissed off and she heard the dime fall she was shook. I don’t know how to explain it if it’s even possible but I’m convinced my grandmother leaves me dimes and I don’t have any other explanation.. Idk if this has anything to do with ghosts, but this occurrence has stuck with me for years. When I was in high school, we moved to a little house and at the time I was obsessed with photography. Id gotten my first digital camera the Christmas before and would take pictures of pretty much anything and think nothing of it. Well, my mom was outside gardening and I snapped a few pictures of her, not checking the picture until later that night.   When I finally showed her the picture, she kept staring at it all weird before pointing out that in the mess of trees in the background, you could see faces. I thought she was playing but sure enough their was these weird demonic faces in the contours of the trees. Then we noticed the faces in the plants we was working on. It seemed like she was surrounded by something.    It was hella creepy and I stopped taking pictures outside for that very reason. Idk if it was just the angle of the picture or a trick of the camera, but It’s always bothered me not knowing.I started seeing ghosts when I was a kid.   First memory I have is going to an elderly neighbor's house with my mom when I was about 5. As we were walking to her house I saw this elderly man standing in her garden. He smiled and appeared friendly. My mom walked on by him without saying a word. He never said anything either. I thought it was strange, but didn't say anything. We got inside the house and was chatting with the neighbor when I saw him in the hallway to the living room. He was watching us and smiling and not saying anything. I saw a photo of him in the living room with the neighbor lady, so I figured he must live there. Still, I noticed no one looked at him or said anything to him. Finally, the curiosity got the best of me and I said, "who is that man in the hallway smiling and looking at us?" My mom and neighbor said no one was there and looked at me confused. I said, "the man in the picture is standing in the kitchen smiling at us and no one is saying anything to him." They told me that that was impossible because that was her husband, Bud, and Bud died two weeks ago, and that was why my mom came to visit her.   Second time was when I was visiting my uncle's house. He and his wife had just gotten a waterbed, which was popular at that time. He was showing it to my Mom and I. As we walked up the stairs to their bedroom I saw this man who appeared to be in his late 20s/early 30s, sandy blonde hair, wearing only boxer shorts, pacing back and forth in the upstairs hallway. We walked right by him and again, no one but me looked or said anything to him. I thought that was strange. He continued to walk back and forth on that strip of hallway, outside the door, and even looked in the room at us a few times.  Again, I was curious about what was going on, so I asked my mom and uncle, "who is the man walking around in the hallway?" They looked confused. My uncle said no one should be here, let me go look. He comes back a few minutes later and said he saw no one. I said, "he is still outside the door." My uncle got quiet for a minute, sighed, and said, "well, he's harmless then. Don't worry about it." My mom, even more concerned, asked my uncle what he meant by that and what was going on. My uncle then said that my cousin who is the same age as me had also reported seeing a man in their house. My uncle said he would tell my mom more about it and we went downstairs. They made me play outside while they talked.  I found out years later from my mom that my cousin who also saw the man was not believed by his parents at first that it was anything other than an imaginary friend. That was until my cousin started saying that the man lived in that house and wanted to know why they were there. My aunt took him to a psychologist and everything. She eventually did some research on the house and discovered that a man in his early 30s had committed suicide in that house in the early 80s, a few years before they bought it. Also, when my cousin's younger brother was old enough to talk, he also began reporting that he, too, saw the man, and was absolutely terrified of him because he said he would come into their room. He was so terrified he didn't want to sleep by himself. He refused to sleep in his bedroom.  Another ghost sighting happened a few years later when I was about 8 or 9. My brother and I used to play near a creek in the backyard. Across the creek was an old house. This kind looking old man would come outside the house and watch us play, but never say a word to us. He seemed to really enjoy watching us play, and didn't seem weird at all. He seemed to be a genuinely nice guy. He had white hair, was very fair skinned, skinny, and always wore the same dress clothes: a button up beige dress shirt and dark brown dress pants and dress shoes.  The thing that made me begin to feel uneasy was the fact that my outgoing brother never acknowledged the old neighbor man. He never looked in his direction, nor said a word. See, I didn't notice this the first few times we played back there, and never thought anything weird because the man seemed harmless. One day I finally got the courage to ask my brother if he saw the man sitting there on the porch. We were very close to the house, so he could clearly see anything that was there. My brother looked up and around and asked me if I was messing with him and trying to scare him. I couldn't believe it. There the man was as clear as day, and yet I was the only one who saw him. I told my brother I was going back to the house and he should come with me. He didn't, so I went to the house and asked my mom who lived in that house. She said that no one had lived in that house for years. I told her about the old man and she said to get my brother and not go back there until her and my dad checked it out. I never saw him again.  The story doesn't end there though. It gets even more creepy. A few years later a family moved into that house. We made friends with the two girls who lived there. One day the oldest girl told us that their house was haunted. They said they heard their cabinet doors in the kitchen open and close at night sometimes and no one would be there, and the light switches would turn on and off. She said that her younger sister said she saw the ghost and described him as an older gentleman, and said his name was Frank and that he lived in that house. The family eventually moved away not too long after that.  Years later, I was walking with my grandma at the cemetery above our house and she commented that this grave we went by was that of the neighbor who used to live behind our house. He died in the 1960s, when my dad was a baby. According to his tombstone, he was 62 when he died. His first name? Frank. I asked my grandma if he was a fair skinned, white haired, slim looking man, and she said, yes, and asked if I'd seen a picture of him. I told her the story. It creeped her out, too.   I had a strange experience when I was at my first job. I was 19, and working night shift at a house taking care of severely disabled people who couldn't talk, walk, or do anything on their own. I was washing dishes when I looked up and saw what I thought was my coworker walking into one of the client's rooms to check on them. I wanted to speak with her, so I followed her into the room and there was no one there but the client who was sleeping in bed. I looked out the window of the room and saw my coworker outside fixing another coworker's car. They were both outside. I honestly wasn't paying close attention to the woman I saw who walked into that bedroom. I just noticed she had short hair and was the about the same height as my coworker. When my coworker came back inside I told her that I could have sworn I saw her walk into the bedroom and so I followed her, and no one was in there. I thought I was losing my mind. My coworkers looked at me and said that what I saw wasn't unusual, or the first person who claimed to see a woman in that house. Apparently that place had been the scene of a double homicide many years ago. A man and a woman were shot to death while they slept in their bed. Many people apparently have reported seeing what they believe to be the woman's ghost. The story I am about to tell is not one I personally experienced, but one told to me by my father, who experienced it first-hand many years ago.   He went on a coon hunting trip one autumn night with his uncle and a family friend of theirs.    For those who don't know what coon hunting is, it is hunting raccoons, usually at night, using a scent hound bred for that type of thing. It was common in the southern United States, and that's where this took place--in a remote, rural area in the southeastern US in the late 1970s/early 1980s.   It should be noted that a good, trained coonhound never leaves a raccoon it tracks down and corners up a tree. My uncle had two fully trained, reliable coonhounds with an excellent hunting record.   On this particular night, the three men each had a light source. One had a carbide lantern, another had a brand-new flashlight with brand-new batteries, and another had either a lantern or a flashlight. I can't remember which kind of light the third one had.   The location they chose to hunt in was an area my uncle had been many times. It was truly a remote area, far removed from civilization, and was one of the most beautiful wilderness areas one had ever seen. It was located near a national park.   That night they drove a little farther out than they usually did, and let the dogs out. It didn't take long for the dogs to track down a raccoon. The men followed the dogs, and had to walk quite a bit off the regular route this time. They ended up well outside the usual area. It was an area my uncle was not familiar with.   They found the dogs barking up at a very large tree on a cliff. There were no other trees around it, and they could hear the sound of running water flowing in a creek beneath the cliff. The strange thing about the tree was this stone/rock that was sitting beneath the tree. My dad said the stone was like a gravestone, the way it was situated and the way it looked.  As soon as the hunting party reached the tree where the dogs were, the dogs went silent and abruptly walked off, out of sight, and in the direction from which they had just come. My uncle noted it, and said the dogs' behavior was uncharacteristic of them because they had never just walked off like that when there was a raccoon in a tree. My dad thought it was odd as well. He said he had never seen them act that way.   Baffled by the dogs' behavior, they decided to look to see if there was a raccoon there. My dad leaned against the stone and shone his light up into the tree. There was no raccoon to be found, which again was highly unusual.   If there wasn't a raccoon, what were they chasing?   As soon as my dad leaned against the tree and shone the light into it, the family friend's carbide lantern suddenly went out. My dad said that as soon as their friend uttered the words, "my light went out," the other two lights simultaneously went off as well.   My uncle, who was a logical-minded man, calmly stated, "There's probably a reasonable explanation for what has just happened. We need to all remain calm. Let's just step away and make our way back to my Jeep."   So they headed back the way they came.   About a half mile to a mile on their way back, their lights all came back on, like nothing had happened. They found the dogs a little farther down the way, nearer to the Jeep.   My dad never went back there to hunt again.   What is interesting to note is this particular area is near a well-known area of the park where lots of people through the years drowned in the river there. It is purported to be a haunted spot. There have been ghost sightings and all kinds of strange occurrences in that area. It's possible they wandered into the park, near that very spot where some unfortunate soul drowned. I went to bed like always, I sleep with my boyfriend. We both fell asleep and all is going as normal. I usually wake up a couple of times during the night since I was a little child, I drink or I go toilet and I go back to sleep, is not the first time I catch shadows, or I think I do, vanishing up in the air. But this time, was on a completely new level! I wake up, my boyfriend is next to me I can hear him breathing, at the end of our bedroom there’s a big figure standing, facing the bed, I remember I thought he was looking a bit like my boyfriend and dressed weird! He was wearing a sort of white/gray jumpsuit and the thing I can’t stop thinking about is the mask he had covering mouth and nose, like the one that the military pilot wears! My heart started spinning and he while he started to walk towards the bed he vanished like the others up in the air. My boyfriend believes I was not awake but I am sure I was I also checked the clock, was 3:45, and I could not sleep after! I don't know what has come over me but I have found that I cannot stop remembering my dad and my old house this has been happening for the past week and I don't know what's triggering it and I don't know if it's guilt but I keep talking to my school counselor actually I talk to her last week and when I did the same night I had a dream that a ghost was In my house trying to get my attention and another one I had was the old house I keep remembering But it was different I didn't know if it was real or not but at the time I thought I moved back into the house, I've had a actual encounter with the ghost that I think is my dad it was last year in this month I woke up at 5 in the morning my room really dark and I swear I saw a dark figure standing at my dresser I was half awake so I thought the right thing to do was sit up and talk to it I only said a few things and went back to sleep but its just why is it that all of a sudden I'm starting to remember stuff in my past, help me out. Okay peeps, something weird happened last night. I had a deep conversation with my Mom, which was basically her lecturing me for 30 minutes. I was having a silent meltdown while we were talking and I had the urge to say want I want to say to defend myself but I couldn't because I believed I'd cry.  Then,  3- 8 minutes later, after she went out of my room, I heard dogs outside barking, and I just laid there, hopeless and I questioned my existence like literally I did. I heard my family outside and Mom was like "what's that smell?". I overheard her saying she smelt flowers and that the living room door opened itself.  Really, I couldn't care less because I also smelt something like that 2 years ago. Anyway, I was just in my room wanting to cry while listening to their murmurs from our living room. They were like...  Mom: [8th cousin's name]? You there?  2nd cousin: He's not here, Aunt. He's grounded. Mom: What? No one opened the door? 2nd cousin: I never heard anyone, so probably no? Mom: But the door literally opened itself.  Grandma: It must've been the wind, honey.  Mom: No, no, it looked like someone seriously pushed the door open.  2nd cousin: I was busy with the phone so I couldn't see it but there's no wind, Grandma.  Mom: And that smell. Smells like flowers. You smell it? 2nd cousin: Nope.  Grandma: I don't smell anything?  And I was like, "oh please, a spirit is obviously here."  Grandma: Who was it? Mom: After I scolded [my name], this happens.  Grandma: Do you think it's a ghost? Mom: I don't know, but if it is, it's probably here because I scold her.  Then my Mom came rushing in my room. I didn't say anything, just hopelessly facing my back against the door while laying down. She approached me and asked "hey, honey, are you okay?" I still feel terrible because of the conversation so I didn't say anything. But she keeps on asking "[my name], are you okay?"   What do you guys think? Was it a spirit????Well this happened a few weeks ago, I was at lunch and I wanted to enjoy the warmth so I went over the other side of the pavilion (I was at school) and then I saw this weird chair thing. It was like a chair without a backrest or seat and there was this guy with a yellow sweater sitting there. But since it was a guy it surprised me because the girls and boys at my school are separated into different groups. Then I looked at it's face it was blurry and then a teacher pulled me back and said 'Come back, sweetie.' This is a simple story, but it’s true and happened to me. A few years ago, I was 30 years old and my grandmother had just died. My mother, aunt and I were staying in my grandmothers home in suburban Atlanta making funeral arrangements and caring for her home in the immediate aftermath of her death. It was I believe the night after the day she died and we had all gone to bed. Each of us had our own bedrooms on the 2nd floor of the house. I was close to falling asleep when I distinctly heard two voices speaking. It sounded like two people talking downstairs. One voice was more easy to make out as a woman, the other I’m not sure. They were having a conversation at a normal volume, but I couldn’t make out anything that was being said, it was just murmuring. Strangely, I was not bothered by this at all. I was completely calm and eventually fell asleep. The next morning I woke up and had forgotten all about it. Later that afternoon my mother, aunt and I were driving somewhere. We were all silent until all of a sudden, my very reserved, pragmatic aunt said only “I heard people talking in the house last night.” It was only then that I remembered. I told her that I had heard them too. My mother, whose bedroom was right next to mine, did not. We didn’t say much more about it. I think it made my aunt uncomfortable, and I didn’t want to press her right after her mom died. We never talked about it again, and my aunt herself died this year. I’ve thought about this occurrence more and more lately. Theres just no way it could’ve been actual people speaking. Her house was set back from the road in a quiet neighborhood. What I really can’t understand is why I wasn’t scared when it happened. It’s so bizarre. Also, if my aunt had not said anything I don’t think I would’ve even remembered. Even though now I can remember it so clearly.  I’ve never had anything like that happen before or after. I really want to start story telling across all of my social Platforms! I do not have many followers but I would love to start a community where we can talk all things spiritual, spooky & strange! Please feel free to send or tag me in stories that are available for reading 🖤So, I was sitting at my desk in front of my computer. And I saw a 6-7ft phantom quickly peek around the corner into my office and then retreat to presumably disappear into nothing. Has anyone else encountered this?  At first I thought it was my girlfriend but as soon as I called out “Babe was that you?” to her, she stopped what she was doing and ran to me, needing me comfort her because she frights easily.   I wasn’t actually scared at all but she was terrified when I explained to her what had just happened to me. She thought I was playing a prank on her but I swear I wasn’t.   This is actually the third or fourth encounter like this I’ve had and the only time it happened while she was home. I haven’t told her about the other instances because I don’t want her to be scared.  Has anyone else had an encounter like this?   Some general facts.  1. I leave all doors open so my cats can glance out the windows in any room and/ or get to their litters scattered around the house in different bathrooms.   2. My girlfriend was in the kitchen doing the dishes actively at the time this happened. She’s 4”11.  3. I’m 5”11. I moved into my house in June 2018 so roughly the next winter I was sitting on my couch with lights off and cat on my lap. After a bit over an hour of watching some stand up comedy (not caught in the moment of a scary film) my cats head popped up. He did this turning his head toward the door to the house in our kitchen as though someone was there. While staring for a while he gradually turned his head as though he was following someone walking through the living room. At that exact same moment the light in the room that had been off the entire time started flashing on and off for about 10 seconds. Like any brave manly man I began calling my wife and telling her to come to the living room. By this time it had stopped so I explained to her what had happened and again it happened again. She grabbed the remote for the ceiling fan saying well this is why the button was stuck on one side. This had never happened before or since and the remote hadn't been touched for over an hour so what influenced this chain of events to occur as so. Well my pessimistic wife had her own recent ghost experience the other night. This happened around 1:30 a.m roughly when she heard a creaking noise in our room opened her eyes to see a person she believed to be wearing camo and the dogs running out the bedroom.  At that moment she grabbed her glasses and immediately searched the house to find nothing. And here's the best part of her story! Our 3 year old a few days prior while it was just him and I was in the kitchen and told me grandpa is eating cereal. My neighbors dad long past built and lived in our house was an avid hunter and my son calls the neighbor grandpa. I've never met or seen the neighbors dad but I imagine he resembled our neighbor a bit. This story takes place back on Valentine's day 2010. I would have been eleven at that time. My dad bought me a puppy plushie with a red ribbon and a little felt heart that said "I love u" in capital letters. My parents had to leave to get groceries for dinner and I stayed home because I was running a fever. I took some medicine and went back to bed. I specifically remember leaving that dog plushie on the kitchen table before I went to bed. I woke up a couple hours later to my parents arriving home. That little dog plushie was sitting by my head and my bedroom door was wide open.  It couldn't have been my parents who moved it since they left before I went to bed and only just unlocked the door when I walked into the living room. My brother was at boot camp so it couldn't have been him. My bedroom was always a hotspot for activity but this event in particular still perplexes me. We had at least two entities in that house. One that wandered the residence and looked like a man with an blurred face and the other I never seen but felt constantly after all it resided in my room.   I told a friend this story once and they think it might have been the one from my room since after this event I started seeing a dark hunched over figure staring at me from behind furniture and around corners. Anyone know what could have happened?   When I was in high school my friends and I used to go to Black Snake Road to race each other. It was in a very rural area and had little traffic and was very dark. We called it that because of several hairpin turns, however, there was a perfect half mile that was marked by a bridge in one end and train track on the other.  One night after several of us had been racing I found that I was the last to leave. As I approached the bridge I saw a girl standing there dripping wet. I stopped and asked if she was okay and she responded that her boyfriend missed the bridge and crashed into the water. She said that he was still in the truck. I got out of my car and ran around the side of the bridge and down the embankment. There was no deep river but, just a shallow creek. I saw no evidence of a truck or anything out of the ordinary. Returning to the top of the bridge I found her standing next to my car dripping wet and crying. There were no cell phone back then so I offered to drive her home so that we could call the police from there. She accepted and directed me to her home. On the ride she told me that her name was Sally. Her home was directly across the street from a small church one a couple away from the bridge. As we pulled into the driveway she asked me to go to the door and get her mother. I knocked at the door of the dark house feeling a little uneasy. After all it was after midnight by that point and I knew that I was waking everyone in the house. After a few moments an older lady answered the door who I assumed was her grandmother. I told her what had happened and that Sally was upset and want her mother to come to the car. That is when the story got even stranger.  The lady told me that her daughter Sally had been dead for over 30 years. She had drowned when her boyfriend missed the bridge and flipped his truck trapping her inside. Surprised and not thinking very clearly I insisted that she come to my car which she did, slippers, housecoat, and all. The passenger side window was rolled down, which Sally had done. My old Malibu had crank windows. They were a pain to roll down and I could not reach the handle from the driver seat. There was a puddle in the passenger seat but, no Sally. The lady asked me to walk across the road to the graveyard next to the church. We did and she showed me Sally's grave.  That incident started a forty year pursuit of the paranormal for me. I have investigated all over the world since then while serving in the military and my work afterward. Ghosts are real. for some context my family moved to the isle of wight a few years before i was born, the house they bought is still the home to this day (i’m now 19 and have since moved away) but this house is 6 bedrooms and built in the early 1800s made for rich victorians to use as a holiday home, the island itself has a lot of history and i’d say most people i know have at least one story of a weird paranormal encounter. when we moved in there was nothing unusual apart from nazi carvings in the wall under the stairs which was weirdly shrugged off and covered up considering my family is jewish. Anyway growing up in the house the main story i heard was one time my grandad had bought a new video camera and was getting a friend to help him set it up, they filmed out of the kitchen window talking and nothing seemed off until they finished up and played the tape back, they saw a man staring back at them, it wasn’t smudged or hard to see it was clear as day. an middle aged man in a victorian sailor uniform it was no one anyone of us had seen before and they both swear no one else was with them and they saw no one else, the man just looked into the camera not moving a muscle just staring until the video ended, other things like footsteps, things moving locked cabinets opening on their own and just a feeling you’d get sometimes in particular rooms happened that i can remember or have been told but i still won’t go to that part of the house because i don’t think i’ll sleep again. I honestly thought it was a joke until seeing it for myself no one believes me when i tell them and the videos long lost but i swear on my life that man whoever it was didn’t look like he wanted us there. This is a experience I just had today after a night of drinking, I’m not new to having sleep paralysis but I haven’t had one in a while now but first some things that lead up to this experience, this story begins When I woke up from a dream where I was in my bed and I was looking around my room and everything was dark in color the ceilings pitch black then I got up in my dream went to the kitchen and fainted and woke up, so I then tried to go to sleep again but every time I closed my eyes I could hear a pulsing ringing in my ears that started off low then high Which made it difficult to sleep after about 1hr I remember closing them listening to the ringing and hearing a different sound like “pshf” in my left ear like when u pop a pimple so I opened my eyes unable to move and I look to my right and in my peripheral I see my closet door open slightly and I see a small figure going to where my liquor is which is not far from the door then go back in quick so then I’m trying so hard to move and talk but the only noise I can make is a “mfm” noise then I finally break free. I have had many experiences with ghosts and the paranormal but out of the 3 i live with i have to say Mathew is by far my favorite. I thinks its been about a year since i first met him. hes a strange ghost definitely not like any other one ive met. hes very tall (taller than my doorframes 7ft) he doesn’t have any markings or anything to special about him other than the top hat the occasionally wears. hes not mean or scary I have set my boundaries with him. He stays in my parents closet and doesn’t come out too much. the only other place i have seen him is the bathroom connected to the closet. he doesn’t like people very much so only me and 2 other people have seen him. But the most special thing about him is the fact he protects me from the ghost downstairs that I dont want to get into too much detail about. a few weeks ago I had the worst night of my life with the ghost downstairs. it made me feel really sick and tried walking up the stairs to get closer to me but the only reason it didn’t is because i managed to wake up my mom in time. she checked the house out then turned off the lights and i was beyond freaked out but the moment I saw mathew watching me from the bathroom doorframe every little feeling of Im-not-safe just disappeared. after that night mathew will always let me know he’s around by either whacking a wall or poping his head out of the doorway. I have plenty of other stories about him and the others in my house but by far this is one of my favorites about him.  also sorry if this makes no sense its my first post and I ment to say “The closet ghost” but it’s to late to change!I spent many years stationed in Germany. I did two years tours mostly and each was in a different place. This occurred while stationed in Kitzingen, Larson  Barracks. That base was flanked by forest. There was an old Abbey located a couple miles away through the forest and was said to be haunted. A couple of other guys in my Company were interested in ghosts also. We had investigated a few of the castles around the general area so when we heard about this place it was a no-brainer. Our plan was to set out Friday after last formation and make the hike and set up camp. We slept that night and the next morning we went to the Abbey. It had been closed for years but, it was open during the day for tours. After it closed for the day no-one was supposed to be on the grounds but, that was not enforced nor, patrolled. It was basically left open. Upon arriving we took the tour and learned the history and layout. Around noon we went back to camp to fix some lunch and relax before ghost hunting around 10pm. When we reached camp it was destroyed. It appeared that some kind of animal had gotten into everything. It threw all our personal stuff from our backpacks all over, tore down our shelter halves, and basically just made a big mess without destroying anything. We cleaned up and reset camp. None of our food was missing but, that wasn't surprising since most of it was in cans. Surprising was the couple boxes of crackers and loaf of bread had not been taken or damaged.  Around 10pm that night we went back to the Abbey. We investigated it thoroughly inside and out. We never heard or saw a thing. We stuck it out until around 4am hoping something might show up but, nothing did. We made our way back to camp disappointed and tired. When we got there that animal had been back. It had done the exact same thing as before except this time those boxes of crackers and loaf of bread were scattered around like everything else, out of the wrappers and on the ground. We were pretty pissed off. If we had been able to see to hike out we would have but, those woods were too dark. Once again we cleaned up and about an hour before it would start getting light out we crashed for a few hours. Two hours later I was startled awake by one of the guys yelling and cussing up a storm. Camp was trashed again and we had slept through it. Even our shelter halves had been ripped down as we slept under them. The only difference was that our personal items, socks, underwear, and t-shirts were made into a trail leading out of camp. We packed up everything and started following the trail of clothing. When we reached the last of it there was a small pile consisting of one pair of underwear belonging to each of us and the crotch had been ripped out of each one. About 100’ away we could see the perimeter fence to our base. I never went back into that forest the rest of the time I was stationed there. So 3 or 4 years ago we were waiting for our teacher in a music class,a really small class also near to an other small locked old class, when we heard the sound.It was like somebody was there and punching the doors.We were scared.There were 5-6 students and they all heard the sound coming from the room.After having a look and trying to open the door we immediately went to tell this to a teacher so that they can unlock the door and see if somebody was there.Well,I don’t think they believed but they couldn’t risk it.Right after they unlock the door there was nobody.And the thing is that there is no windows in the class and it is underground.  Most of the school rumors say that some other students had heard it in different times too. But I experienced this that made me shocked.  What do you think?? Growing up I always seemed to have some sort of connection to the spiritual world. My mother would tell me it started when I was three. I would apparently wake up with bruises and when she asked I would say it's the scary old lady who lives with us. I've grown more accustomed to seeing them now. But something odd happened last month.    I was watching my baby sister when my mother was cooking dinner. She walked into the room and asked me if I had seen any ghosts recently. I found this strange because she would always tell me to not mention it or bring it up, still I answered truthfully. Which was: "yeah, I see them in the corner of my eye and sometimes hear people calling me when no one did.. Why?" She told me to forget about it and went back to cooking in the kitchen. I forgot about it after that until this week.   When I'm out or at home (usually in the kitchen) I always have the feeling someone or something is watching me. I don't know if I should tell my mom or just shrug it off. I wasn't worried until yesterday when I was washing up and saw one of them standing right beside me. I was a little scared and jumped, as soon as I blinked it was gone. I looked around the room and.. Nothing. Nothing at all. So, what do I do? Should I leave it or should I talk to my mom about this?    (The ghosts I usually see are shadow people, no identifiable features except their height. This one was about 5'6/5'7) I can vividly remember all of them.   Every experience that I've had with the paranormal. It's something you don't forget.   The worst one that I think has ever happened to me was probably around Christmas, I remember being around 7 or 8 and living with my dad and his girlfriend who had two kids at the time. Their relationship was the worst and honestly I think that she had some kind of spirit attached to her.   Anyways- I remember laying down that night and turning on the Christmas lights that my dad had set up in my room. I've always been scared of the dark and even now sleep with a night light.   I laid there and fell asleep. I was then woken up by the sound of my walk in closet door slowly opening. It had this scary creaking sound to it that honestly made me want to cry every time I heard it. To this day I know what I saw and I honest to God know that I wasn't sleeping.   I saw a man come out of my closet dancing, he was wearing black and white and I swear to God I was terrified. I started crying as quietly as I could and watching as he stopped at my door and looked at me, his eyes were blood shot.   I didn't sleep that night. I laid there in my bed crying for what seemed like an eternity and when the morning came I went to my dad and told him about it   My dad told me that I might of just been dreaming to which I agreed and tried to forget about it. But I can't. I can't forget about that. How do you forget about seeing a tall 6'0 6'1 guy dance out of your closet and then stare at you before leaving down your hallway as if nothing happened.   I don't know. Someone asked me to tell this story from my other post about my house's "Corner-peeping ghost."  I suffer from occasional **sleep paralysis**.  When this happens, I "wake up" from what is usually a nightmare (*sometimes there is no nightmare*) but can't open my eyes or move except to scream a muffled groan.  I also feel an immense **weight** or **pressure** on my chest like some people describe as **something holding them down**.  This goes on for a few minutes until I can either snap out of it or my girlfriend rushes over to me to soothe and gently wake me up.  This has happened a number of times over the years...but a couple instances in particular stand out...  I was having an episode of sleep-paralysis, **BUT** this night, it happened **twice**, back-to-back.  So, I had just fallen asleep not 30 minutes when suddenly my head started to buzz and vibrate. It also got **very cold** in this instance. Like other episodes I couldn't move, but this time I **could** **open my eyes**.  However, **I COULDN'T SEE**. It was like what some visually impaired people describe as only being "*able to see out of their* ***peripheral*** *vision*".   It was just a blackness in the main view of my vision paired with this headache-inducing vibrating of my skull with the **sound** of a **low frequency, boom of humming**. (Not a whole unlike when you hear the "**deep-bass hits**" in the music of the movie "*Inception*". But just one note very low and very loud.   This was terrifying because it's never happened like this before.  **Finally**, I managed to wake up, get some water, tell my girlfriend about it and attempt to sleep again.  **BUT IT HAPPENED AGAIN**. Same blindness, same humming, same symptoms. My girlfriend then had to shake me out of it this time...Needless to say, I wasn't able to go back to sleep until the following night out of exhaustion.  &#x200B;  ...The other incident was a **night-terror** where I was hunted by a demon or witch...I felt sharp, long nails piercing into my chest, but I couldn't "wake up" out of it and felt the pain of being impaled...  but that's a story for another time... About 6 years ago I was living in my old house, it was quite a big house and it was about a 5 minute walk to the beach. My mum was pregnant at the time and I was around the age of 12. Me and my mum were sat in the living room watching TV and talking about whatever. I remember suddenly having the strongest urge to stand up and walk to the bottom of the stairs, I can’t describe this feeling but all I knew was I had to get up and look. So I did. Looking at the top of the stairs I could see a man waving at me, he was wearing a long black coat and had long messy hair with a beard. My mum came to see why I had randomly got up to look at the top of the stairs. I don’t know why I did this but I waved back at the mystery man.  ‘Lil why are you waving at nothing’  ‘Mum I’m waving at the man, don’t be rude’  ‘What man, Lillie there is no man up there’  My mum was obviously confused but knew this wasnt a prank. She phoned my dad straight away and he told her to go straight to his mum and dads house.  The scary part about this whole situation was a week prior to this my dad experienced sleep paralysis. He was in bed and about to get up until he heard someones heavy footsteps coming upstairs, me and him were the only ones home and he knew I was asleep. He then saw the same man that i had seen walking into his room and he we t to get up to go make sure I was safe but a shadow like creature had him pinned down for about 10 minutes.  Wha do you think the explination for this is? So I was in PE when this happened, I was walking on the track and then I was somewhere else. I was in a forest filled with deathly light brown trees, and there was gray fog everywhere. Then I saw the figure and it went from a man to a women to a bear as it passed behind each tree. Then my head snapped down to chest and I was back on the track. So, I haven't really ever told anyone this cause it's so crazy I don't think anyone is ever going to believe me. The house I live in now with my mom and dad has always been creepy it's a 50 year old row home house that has seen alot of dead. To the old lady dying in the kitchen to the little boy killed by his mom and dad... Yeah alot of fucked up shit happened here, but thats now what im going to get into today. We moved in here when I was 7 Im now 23. I used to have the back room and my mom had one rule. No lights on to go to bed. I always hated that rule cause I was little I should have been able to have a nightlight. Anyway one day I was sleep and I heard my door open and my light turn on and the cover was pulled off my face and what I saw scared me half to dead that I still cant really understand what it was. Some weird monster thing was over me and I screamed and it ran out of my room. My mom opened the door and we both ran to each other. thats not the weird part tho, my mom looked down the stairs and watched it run out the front door. after that day she moved me out of that room and moved me to the bigger room with a lock on the door. she won't talk about what she saw and if I bring it up she looks at me with this like fear in her eyes and tells me to leave it be. This isn't the only thing that has happened... it only get worst from here.... Back in 2005-2006, I was dating a guy who was originally from Queens, NY but his family had purchased a house in PA and moved there. It was a cute little four bedroom bi-level semi built into a hill on the edge of a little wooded area. The first floor was technically the basement since there was no actual basement and was basically a big rumpus room with some storage, a bedroom and bathroom. We were just hanging out in the rumpus room one night when a photo fell off the wall. I picked it up and it was of an old black and white photo of their ancestor’s butcher shop in Brooklyn in the 1910-20’s. The metal around the frame was silver and antique, like the ones at my grandma’s house but one side ha some kind of odd dent in it, like someone had tried to hammer a nail into the thin strip of metal *from the inside*.   We took the frame off, thinking something was wrong with it. That’s when we found another photo, hidden behind the first.   It was a photo from the same time period, but this time, of a grave stone.  There was a very creepy shadowy figure floating above the grave stone in the shape of a woman.   We gave the frame and photo to my BF at the time’s mom who said she’d never seen the photo before and we all found it very creepy.So I didn't really expect anyone to be interested but i'm so happy you guys are!!  So remember I said my mom moved me into a different room? Well that didn't help at all. One day I came home from school and took a nap, (Mind you a nap for me back then was like 5-7 hours I could go without eating) So while im sleeping I kept hearing this weird laughing and breathing coming from the other side of my room. I turn over cause I was facing the wall and there is a man in the corner. I wanted to run up and get the light but he was closer to it than me. I screamed trying to call my mom but she couldn't hear me and the man kept laughing and laughing. So now im freaking out and I take one and run to the light switch. When I reached it and looked back at the corner he was gone. At first I thought I was just seeing things till when I laughed back in bed (Lights on!) I felt something lay next to me and when I looked nothing was there but I heard a laugh again and then the banging on the door started. I kept screaming leave me alone till my dad and mom came running out of the room and started telling me to open the door. After that my mom let me leave a light one to sleep. So now I have stars that light up my room. my mom doesn't care she knows I cant sleep in the dark anymore. Thats when they mess with me the most.  &#x200B;  Also sorry for any periods, commas, and spelling errors, I have dyslexia \^.\^ This is weird but I meet the devil. I know that sounds off but I meet him and we talked sparingly. Maybe I was high on drugs or drunk but I wasn’t. I was pregnant sober and hadn’t touched any substance not even caffeine in months. But I have been holding on to this for years.   To start I was 8 months pregnant. I was pregnant because I was assaulted as a young woman. And over time I came to accept it. I was asleep 8 months pregnant and I woke up in the middle of the night and I saw a figure hovering over top of me. It was in the shape of a person but it was black. And not just black it was almost the opposite of color it just sucked in. Life, energy, feelings anything it just sucked. And it was looking at my belly.. so I started saying “Jesus help me” over and over again. I started to scream it and I closed my eyes.. the next thing I know it grabs me by the neck and I was on one of those bunk beds where the bottom is a full and the top was a twin.. when it grabbed me it hit my head on the top bunk. And it brought me close to its sucking mass of a face of just a head and told me “you can’t help him” without actually saying it, it screamed it in my head. I couldn’t breath or say anything and the last thing I remember is the coldness and me loosing oxygen.   No maybe it was because I was pregnant I had a weird pregnancy dream. But I had a knot on my head for weeks and bruises on my neck. I was so young then and my son was created because an older man assaulted. That I kept everything inside. No one would believe me and if they did how do you help me.   I say this now because my little boy, the child I have dedicated my entire 20s to is showing weird signs. He loves the thought of being the villain. The bad guy knows best. He was so sweet but now he’s slowly turning into something dark. I’m a very soft spoken woman and gentle and I’m not spiritual or religious. I don’t even talk to him about god but he’s obsessed with demons. I only said Jesus repeatedly because in that moment I knew God had to be real but he didn’t help me. I just wanted to get this off my chest.. it’s weird I know but i don’t know if God is real but I do know the devil is. And it has haunted me for years and I feel like it’s coming back. Sitting in the living room tonight around 1:30/2 am with my 15 month old daughter and my MIL and BIL because the little one was up way past her bedtime. She was running around near the couch, playing with her uncle and grandma when one of her toys on the other side of the room started making noise. It's a plastic, battery operated duck that rolls and quaks when he moves or if you press a button. I checked and this toy was completely stationary at the time with no other toy touching the button or making it roll forward, and there were toys all around it. It happened around 5 or 6 different times, twice in quick succession, all within about 10 minutes. I sat on the floor after the third quak and it happened again, then I felt a cold spot move towards my arm, then the duck would quak again. That happened one more time before it stoped. I thought at first it could be vibrations in the floor making it move and quak since my daughter was running around and I had sat down near it, so I tested it out myself. I (23F) am not a lightweight person. I stood right next to that duck and stomped and jumped as hard as I could and it didn't move or make a sound even once. Both my MIL and BIL witnessed all of this happen. So here's the ghost part of this story: Back in October 2020, I had a missed miscarriage at 8 weeks pregnant but didnt find out until a week later because something was wrong on the ultrasound and I needed to be referred to a different doctor. That baby would have been my daughter's older brother, and he was due May 2021, which would have put him at 19 months old. I recently got a custom handmade ornament with his name on it for our Christmas tree this year so he could still be part of the festivities. All of us think it was my daughter's big brother coming to say hello and play with his little sister for the holidays, and that maybe he was also telling me thank you for remembering him this Christmas. This is weird but I meet the devil. I know that sounds off but I meet him and we talked sparingly. Maybe I was high on drugs or drunk but I wasn’t. I was pregnant sober and hadn’t touched any substance not even caffeine in months. But I have been holding on to this for years.   To start I was 8 months pregnant. I was pregnant because I was assaulted as a young woman. And over time I came to accept it. I was asleep 8 months pregnant and I woke up in the middle of the night and I saw a figure hovering over top of me. It was in the shape of a person but it was black. And not just black it was almost the opposite of color it just sucked in. Life, energy, feelings anything it just sucked. And it was looking at my belly.. so I started saying “Jesus help me” over and over again. I started to scream it and I closed my eyes.. the next thing I know it grabs me by the neck and I was on one of those bunk beds where the bottom is a full and the top was a twin.. when it grabbed me it hit my head on the top bunk. And it brought me close to its sucking mass of a face of just a head and told me “you can’t help him” without actually saying it, it screamed it in my head. I couldn’t breath or say anything and the last thing I remember is the coldness and me loosing oxygen.   No maybe it was because I was pregnant I had a weird pregnancy dream. But I had a knot on my head for weeks and bruises on my neck. I was so young then and my son was created because an older man assaulted. That I kept everything inside. No one would believe me and if they did how do you help me.   I say this now because my little boy, the child I have dedicated my entire 20s to is showing weird signs. He loves the thought of being the villain. The bad guy knows best. He was so sweet but now he’s slowly turning into something dark. I’m a very soft spoken woman and gentle and I’m not spiritual or religious. I don’t even talk to him about god but he’s obsessed with demons. I only said Jesus repeatedly because in that moment I knew God had to be real but he didn’t help me. I just wanted to get this off my chest.. it’s weird I know but i don’t know if God is real but I do know the devil is. And it has haunted me for years and I feel like it’s coming back. My parents (30s) kinda had me at an age that is considered “late” at least compared to other people. So, by the time I met my grandma she was already near the end of her life. The last time I seen her she slapped me for being disrespectful and It caused an argument between her and my mom. It was all my fault, but I was young and didn’t know better. Anyways, two years later she passed away.  Here is why I think she haunted me:  Experience #1: In my living room we have school pictures of my siblings and I hanging on a wall. Well one night two photos fell down; mine and my sister’s ( one she didn’t like). However these photos didn’t just fall straight down, it look like they were thrown across the living room. Gravity should’ve taken over and made them fall on the couch if they fell naturally. Instead they were about 7-10 feet away from the wall. This happened about two years after her death.  Experience #2: Around the same time my dad bought my niece this doll. https://youtu.be/GUrQooyBSpk Well one day when getting ready to go to school, I went into my parent’s room to brush my teeth and the doll played by itself. Literally! I can’t remember if it had batteries in it or not, but I woke up my sister and it played again in front of her.   It might’ve been a coincidence, who knows. Closest thing that occurred to me that is spiritual. What do you guys think?