A few of my own paranormal encounters Ouija Board Stories Ghost Stories Needed! Ghost stories wanted!! Your True Ghost Stories Hello All !! Starting a scary story Podcast . My Story Weather You Believe Me or Not… The mountain ghost Dead girl’s presence Looking for paranormal stories for podcast!My Ghost Story - The Haunted Bathroom at Ft Irwin True Experiences Okay that was unexpected Antique Mirror This just happened. Ghost experience that just happened and I’m completely stunned. Please share your thoughts woman in white on a haunted farm in Brazil Crying girl in our cabin the not happy poltergiest A angel brings uncle to say goodbyeMy friend could control the black shadow on her ceiling Haunted Old Theater I feel like my house is haunted and I don't exactly know what to do Ghost story you would like to share?? A buddy of mine thinks he is being haunted and he needs help. I was given a favor by what I think was a demon. Are school won’t believe us Has anyone in the medical field ever experienced seeing anything creepy while working in a hospital or nursing home setting!? Help is my daycare haunted? What are some Paranormal Experience that you have experienced (or heard about)?The terrifying Hyde Park trees shaped liked spooky hands where people 'would die if they slept under them'Shadow dog in basement do dogs see ghostsA ghost in my aunt's bedroom Friend Inherited a supposedly haunted house and now he is acting weird The Fan That Could WalkSpirit fled my room as soon as it realized we were aware of it. True paranormal or scary stories I can communicate with spirits and ghosts in a wayAn idea for the futureGhost hand scared my sister! I Know what the thing is now... Weird whispering of names that I used to hearFrom ghost stories to a death Something tried to take me in my dream Sam and Colby video and what seems to be a person in the background? "Serve the Master"My paranormal experience as a kid the ghost in my apartmentCreepiest home alone experience Whistling out of nowhere How I went from a Skeptic to a Believer MY OWN PARANORMAL EXPERIENCETrue Paranormal/Ghost StoriesI Was Spooned by the Bathroom Ghost in New Orleans My twin and I’s creepy story. Need true Ghost/paranormal experiences or weird encounters please!My dads creepy house Ghost washing my dishes Hatman or some old spirit or some ghost???Im back again...My experience with a ghost lady that I had as a child. What’s going on? I feel like I’m going insane. Creepy True Story Ghost in our apartmentI lived in a haunted house I think I saw my great grandfather when I was little. We probably live with spirits. A strange fight with my brother Who answered us Ghost stories (idk how to spell it in English)The Boy in the Photo i heard a voice in my ear True ghost stories wanted The boy in the pole barnThe lady in the white dress There’s a picture ther looks just like me in it and I’m really anxious More than just a spirit….? Single ghost sighting that happened a decade ago. Something at this Bed and Breakfast.